In this post I am going to be very blunt. This is because I want to show exactly how all this impacted the thinking of myself and the people around me. I was born here in the US but I am of Chinese and Thai descent. As a child I grew up not really caring at all about race, I just sort of assumed humans came is all different colors and shapes and that was normal. I didn't even know there were names for the different races and ethnicities. The only thing I was really aware of was if people actually came from a different country. As I grew older, my classmates and I were bombarded with racial messages during school and everywhere else. We were taught that white people were somehow inherently racist. We were taught that everyone else was perfect and every bad thing they did throughout history was somehow righteous and justified. I started to see lines forming. White kids were told that they were somehow responsible for everything some people in the past did. Black kids were taught that they were owed something. I noticed kids start self-segregating. It wasn't anything dramatic, no one attributed this to the things we were being taught, but people knew they were different now. I grew older still. I started paying attention to the news and the internet,. Race was discussed alot. I learned about affirmative action and it made my blood boil. If you didn't know, Asians are hurt the most by affirmative action. I would need a MUCH higher SAT score and GPA than a black person to get into the schools of my choice. I started to resent black people for this. Why was I being hurt because an entire race was apparently performing poorly and my entire race wasn't? And if discrimination was the reason, well my race was discriminated against in the past too! This was opinion shared by my friends. It led us to think that if this was the case, black people didn't try very much and were lazy in school. Otherwise why would they need help? I was infuriated to learn that a black girl who took all level classes and wasn't even close to the top of the class was accepted into my first choice college while I was not, despite my excellent grades and test scores. When I went to college, I made sure to avoid going to black doctors and other black professionals for fear than they got their position due to unfair preferences. I learned about the black crime rate, and prison population. I started to become scared when I saw a black person on the streets. All the commentary about how this was racist merely solidified my opinion. I saw how violent black neighborhoods are, I was catcalled constantly by black men in the streets, I worked in a leasing office and saw black tenants who lived entirely off the government and complained about everything. If I hadn't heard about race my entire life I would have written all these off as "Man those specific people suck" rather than lump the entire race together. People address these issues as if everyone else is to blame for these peoples actions, instead of saying hey, those are just bad people. Instead they make it a race thing where those bad people are actually VICTIMS. I heard about the police shootings and the publicity around them. I heard about the riots, and the more people talked about how the senseless destruction was justified the more I distanced myself and the more scared I became. I started to involuntarily see black people as a threat. My friends all secretly talked about how they wished all these people would go back to Africa so we could all live in peace. In the past couple years after all the discussion about race I have seen SOO many non-black people become essentially racist, and so many wonderful black people become entitled and vitriolic. So basically, I feel like if we brought our kids up to not see color and talk about Americans as Americans, rather than african-american, asian american, etc, racism would soon become a thing of the past. If we keep bringing up race in EVERYTHING, kids start drawing lines and lumping people together as their race, rather than as Americans. They start noticing and being hyper-aware of differences between races. Crying racism in every situation just annoys people and defeats the goal of ending racism. Racial and diversity programs make people resentful, and make the benefitting parties feel entitled. People should be chosen on merit alone. "Not seeing color" is treated as ignorant and is laughed at, but I feel that this is the best way to operate if we are ever going to solve our problems. I'd like other opinions on this because the way I see the world right now truly sickens me. I don't want to keep feeling like I am different because I am Asian, I want to feel American and be okay with the way people talk about race. I want to feel okay with the way we as Americans are dealing with these issues. I also want to understand why "not seeing color" is ridiculed.