In the argument against gay marriage, people often use the 'slippery slope' argument that it's legalisation would lead on to polygamous marriages also becoming legal. I'm not interested in arguing whether or not this will happen, but why it would be a bad thing if it did. This would be within the context of people being allowed to have multiple marriages, you would not automatically be married to your spouse's other spouse, although you could choose to do this. While I personally am not interested in polygamy, what's wrong with it? It's natural for humans to live in groups.'Tribes' or'family' whatever you would like to call it. I don't see anything wrong with families that have several adults to act as role models for children. I just can't see why it would be detrimental to children to be raised in that environment. To be allowed to marry you need to be a consenting adult and in being one people can make their own relationship decisions. As long as there isn't a sex bias (e.g. men can have many wives but not the other way around), then I think that people can make their own decision about whether a polygamous relationship is something they want. They retain the right to get divorced if their spouse marries someone else when they want a monogamous marriage, just like people retain the right to get a divorce if their spouse cheats on them. People sometimes argue against polygamous marriages saying that people are already legally allowed to have polygamous relationships, why get married? Because of the legal privileges associated with it? When I get married the legal benefits of being married are going to be way down on the list of reasons. Getting married is a way to show your love for someone. A big argument going against it is that the legality of it would be very complex. I don't think that's necessarily the case. If you died your possessions would be divided up amongst your spouses. Your children would either go to their other parent or be claimed by a next of kin who wants them, with fitness to look after them being determined by a court of law. As is the case currently with children whose parents die without leaving a will e.g. should they go to uncle A or uncle B? There are lots of examples of legal contracts which are binding to groups of people, why couldn't this be applied to marriage? It could be encouraged, or even possibly mandatory, to have pre-nuptial agreements which define legal aspects of the marriage relating to property ownership, etc. prior to getting married if you're married to more than one person. With current spouses also signing this document. I'm not really that interested in ethical arguments. Why should one person's ethics determine how other people live their lives? For example, I don't think I would ever have an abortion for my own personal ethical reasons. That doesn't mean that I'm against other people having the option. I'm really interested to know if anyone has any good arguments against polygamous marriages. I think a lot of people are against them for their own personal ethical reasons, because they don't want one themselves, rather than for an actually good, justifiable reason. So please try to CMV! I'm going to try to reply to every direct response to me. I get really ped off when people cherry-pick arguments and ignore the ones that don't suit them. If there are a lot of responses it may take a while though so please be patient! But in saying that if you reply purely because I've committed to responding; if you put forth a low-effort comment you will get a low-effort answer. Edit: I'm getting a bit tired so off to bed for me before anyone else comments I feel obliged to stay up and discuss this some more! I will definitely be back so please keep the discussion going! Edit2: Right, there's a fair few replies so I will be going through them. Although a lot of later comments are using arguments that have been used before I'm still determined to reply to all of them. It may take me a while as I unfortunately have other things that I need to be doing, such is life, so I will get to you eventually! Edit3: I have finally awarded a delta! Apologies to anyone whose comment I missed, but thank you all for being part of the conversation. It was very entertaining and I definitely feel a lot more informed. So you don't have to scroll down find the explanation for my delta, I'll give it here: "While I still think there is nothing wrong with polygamous relationships the concept of some sort of legal commitment, this couldn't be marriage. You could have some kind of legally binding partnership with multiple partners which has some of the benefits of marriage, such as recognition of the partnership affecting things like visitation rights and a legal claim to be next of kin, but this wouldn't be the same as marriage as we have it now. It's not so much about when people in the marriage are living together, but if things later needed to be taken apart. There is just no way to predict every possibility for a pre-nuptial agreement, and the situation could get so complex that you couldn't have a standard that could be fallen back on every time." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!