(A) Work part-time in high school; Then go to college (B) Work full-time before you go to college (C) Work while you study in college. I was a spoiled lazy kid because I never got a job. Had my priorities mixed up and flunked. I got a job in the real world, and it was painful, but humbling. If I had gotten a job at 18 (or sooner), I would've done much better in college and learned crucial life lessons sooner. There's also lots of other people who are deluded and spoiled because they don't work. I won't allow my kids to go to college without having worked first. I'm not restricting this purely to retail, but retail teaches humility. It teaches you how to be diplomatic, how you're not the center of the universe, sometimes you have to tolerate shit, things won't always go your way. And after working a retail job, you'll treat other retail workers with more respect. Having a job also teaches the reality of the world versus theory. I used to be a hardcore Republican who thought poor people didn't have it THAT bad and wealthy people deserve to live 100x better because they work harder. Now, I see the real challenges average people face, especially in the ghetto. Having real world experience will help you just as much (you'll encounter lots of people, learn your strengths and weaknesses), if not more than spending years in college "finding yourself." If you have no idea what you want to do in college, you're going to waste lots of time. Lots of college kids are entitled because parentsgovernment pay for everything. And they think they automatically deserve a high-paying job just because they graduated. Nope, gotta work your way up from the bottom. Nobody's too good for an entry-level job. Oh, and it doesn't hurt to have a little more on your resume. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!