To my understanding, Common Core is a set of standards of skills that a student should learn before graduating high school. Though I am still quite some years before getting there, what I have observed in my school's mathematics system shows that these skills rely heavily on memorization and calculation, much less on reasoning, and virtually none on application. I've looked at the Common Core website and seen that these accurately reflect the standards put out. Let's take the [Common Core Algebra standards] as an example. If you scroll down to the Overview, you see that almost all of the skills listed are to solve equations or something of that sort. This is calculation. Common Core currently spends too much time on this, something relatively easy such that computers can do it. Some of this time needs to shift to the other branches of mathematics. I believe that algebra, as well as much of the rest of mathematics, should be used as a medium through which logic and reasoning are taught. Though computers can use logic to some extent, the human brain is much more capable and should be used for what it is needed for. [Here is a purely algebraic problem.] Despite the concepts being purely algebraic, it requires high levels of critical thinking and reasoning in order to solve. This is the type of multi-step problem that should be taught in high schools, but is almost always not. Common Core does not require students to display this level of critical thinking. Let's take [Geometry for another example.] If you scroll down to the Overview, these standards are somewhat better, since they introduce the notion of proof. However, on close inspection of the Congruence section, only a few basic proofs spanning a few basic proof types are necessary. These do not cover the important proof by contradiction and proof by induction, two kinds of reasoning that can be much better applied to the real world. It is also never required that the student prove any algebraic concepts, such as the quadratic formula. Most theorems in Geometry and all in Algebra are not proven, and the student is forced to memorize them. We have computers for that. We need people to prove and reason. It's also important for concepts like Geometry to be taught in conjunction with other areas of mathematics, such as Calculus. I took Geometry in 8th grade, and though that is a bit early for Calculus, the idea of limits and things like that should have at least been touched upon. Why is it that the volume of a pyramid is Bh3? The idea of taking some function to the limit makes it easy to prove this. Common Core does not cover this. So far, I've touched very little upon the idea of application, and mostly because that's the most difficult one. We know that mathematics is applied in all sorts of STEM subjects, but what if the student is already set on taking a liberal arts major? They shouldn't be forced to study engineering with math. So, I think that the application of mathematics needs to brought back to its roots, being the application of logic. Programming is great way to apply this, and though maybe math class isn't the right place for this, every student already has a programmable graphing calculator anyway. Instead of forcing students to not use programs on tests like they do at my school, I think that the use of programs should be encouraged, since they demonstrate understanding of the basis behind all mathematics, which is logic. Maybe this is straying a bit far from the purpose of Common Core, and it shouldn't be implemented as a guideline, but perhaps as a suggestion it would be great. I'll be going through Common Core for a few more years, and I want to know if it's effective. Please CMV. EDIT: Forgot to mention that I think reasoning is much more important than having formulas memorized for the real world. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!