Here's what I see in my neighborhood which has 6 handicapped spots. They are almost always empty. Almost everywhere I go in my city when I'm looking for parking the handicapped spots are the only empty ones sometimes. (To this day, however, I have never parked or even briefly pulled over in a handicapped spot because it feels cruel.) The few times I see them occupied, EVERY TIME, I see a completely able bodied person leave the car. As in both are legs made of meat that are fully functional. They have the handicap badge in the car but they don't seem to have any sort of physical ailment. If you need a contraption to get the wheelchair out that seems fair, but if the person is just deaf or is missing a pinky I don't see why they need special reserved parking. I know one of these fraudsters personally, he had his because his grandfather was handicapped so they just used his handicap badge. Presumably this is ok because sometimes they have to drive him places. He kept it in his car every day and the whole family used it to park in handicap spots. From what I can tell the only people who use handicap parking spots are people with a handicapped relative not a handicapped driver. I have never seen one of those special cars for people who are disabled where they have buttons instead of pedals and a contraption that unloads a person with a wheelchair. If even ONCE I saw an actual physically disabled person exit their vehicle in a handicapped parking spot I might not even question their special parking spots. Edit: Deltas have been awarded. Many of you are right about my confirmation bias and, more importantly, that there are countless severe visible and invisible disabilities. If we could spot illnesses at a glance why would we need doctors? Thanks everyone Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!