I have had friendships with various males, and only one of them has not tried to at one point in time, make it sexual. This was not a big deal when I wasn't in a relationship and I would just turn them down. Once I was, they all tried much harder than usual to pursue something whereas before it was a more passive attempt. Once they realized I was "off the table" of sorts and was serious about my now boyfriend, the relationship just dwindled despite my continuing to talk to them just as much as before. I realized this was because the conversation would always be very short due to me not replying to flirtatious texts which probably got really boring for them. What I mean by men and women cannot be just friends is that one or the other (possibly both), even if not having a physical relationship, is using each other for the ego boost that comes with someone of the opposite sex giving you attention and would under other circumstances, definitely hook up (or maybe at one point in time already have). I also noticed even women who have a lot of male friends they spent a lot of time with and "friend zoned" them, they would still get weird and upset if the man was in a romantic relationship and therefore had less time to expend for her because it was going to his SO. This doesn't happen with their male friends as long as they see them enough because the male friends aren't using their male friends to feel attractive... but suddenly "just" female friends tend to get very territorial once they aren't getting the attention from the male friend that they were used to or able to get that constant validation. Of course there will ALWAYS be exceptions. But I think, on average, this all proves to be true. This is also why I am pretty uncomfortable with my boyfriend having female friends that aren't also people I've met and felt comfortable with. He can, of course, but it makes me feel uncomfortable. The one he introduced me to automatically displayed the classic signs of using him for attention and being very touchy but pretending it's simply a "brother" like relationship. I would like to be comfortable with such friendships but it seems unnecessary to me within a relationship. In a group setting is fine, of course, as long as everyone is comfortable (which doesn't seem to happen if the friend has been in the persons life longer than the SO) but I am talking about opposite sex friendships when one or both parties are in a relationship with other people...I feel they have no reason to spend a lot of time interacting or spending time together one-on-one unless they are both lying to each other (or one person is) and hoping that something will happen (sexually or otherwise) without admitting it to themselves or like the [in my opinion] inappropriate feeling of playing with fire. I hold myself to the same standard, of course. My one male friend that has not tried anything was also my roommate but I always included my boyfriend and introduced them, and they became friends even. We would hang out alone sometimes but in public (during daytime) or just while one or the other is in the kitchen cooking. I don't think anything would happen if we did drink alone, as we have before I was dating my boyfriend, but I would respect my relationship enough that I'm not really interested in doing that anyway. I also have zero sexual attraction for him and imagine this is the same with him, towards me. This is ONE of those exceptions out of the plenty of male friends who out of nowhere have tried to hook up or tell me they have feelings for me and I suspect is not the average dynamic of a male-female friendship. So while I think it MAY be possible, it is somewhat rare. Obviously my view also applies to those who are strictly in monogamous relationships. Tl;dr: Most men who have female "platonic" friends would sleep with them if the opportunity arose and if are in a relationship, only keep them around in case and because of the ego boost of being around women who aren't unattractive (to feel wanted). Most women who have male "platonic" friends are using them for the attention they get by feeling a man likes them, and can't have them to feel like a sought-after, high quality woman...and also get jealous when they begin dating a woman despite their "just friend" claims. always exceptions, but believe this to be generally true.