I'm a young, college educated, bisexual woman who needs contraceptives for medical reasons and who doesn't believe in God. The GOP's stances on social issues are downright appalling to me. I know that people tend to surround themselves with like minded people, be it consciously or not, so the thought of the GOP being unable to ever win another presidential election has crawled into my head. (TL;DR in bold.) The social issues I'm talking about are: LGBT issues such as same sex marriage, religious freedom laws, "bathroom bills" involving trans people, etc. Their black and white stance on abortion- some of them want no exceptions for cases of terrible fetal deformities, threats to the life of the mother (Scott Walker in the last debate), rape, incest, etc. Fighting against contraceptives and the morning after pill that could prevent unwanted pregnancies and prevent abortions Pushing abstinence only sex ed. [37 states allow for medically inaccurate information to be taught to students as "fact," so long as it scares them out of having sex. My school was one of the ones that taught blatantly incorrect information.] Claiming that anthroprogenic climate change isn't real, and pushing the teaching of intelligent design in public schools Marijuana legalization Being so biblereligion based when the population seems to be shifting away from religion Please please please change my view! I live in Ohio, so I really can't let myself slide into apathy thinking that the GOP has no hope of winning anything! You don't need to change my views on the social issues at hand, just convince me that another Republican president isn't out of the question! Edit 1: Wow! Lots of responses- awesome! It's going to take me a few minutes to sift through all this.:D Edit 2: Delta awarded- if a candidate like Hillary gets the democratic nomination and young people who are frustrated with government express that frustration by just staying home on election day, it will definitely give Republicans an advantage, no matter their stance on the issues. Edit 3: Please cite sources if possible. Feelings and anecdotes don't hold the same weight as things like polling data from reputable institutions, academic studies, etc. Edit 4: Another delta awarded- to uWhiskeyCoke77 for a good academic explanation of issue salience, how some voters find some issues more important than others. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!