The distinction between morality of abortion and its legality is often missed when discussing the pro-life and pro-choice positions. Granted, there's usually someone that brings it up somewhere down the line, but it is often well after substantial ambiguous conversation. For the purpose of this CMV, I will grant that a fetus is a human person. My views: 1. Abortion may or may not be morally permissible, though I lean towards permissible. I don't really want to discuss this aspect of it, but it's here for some background on my position. 2. Abortion should be legal, based primarily on my foundational belief on bodily autonomy. To change my view, you will probably need to change my belief that the mother's legal right to control her own body overrides the fetus' (or child's) right to use them. One of the main objections to legal abortion is the sense that the woman has incurred a sort of responsibility to the child by engaging in sex (for this CMV, I'd prefer to only consider consensual sex). While this may be true, I see it at most to be a moral obligation, not a legal one. The best analogy I've heard is as follows: Let's say you are driving recklessly and run over a pedestrian. The ambulance arrives and does a quick blood test and determines that unless you donate a pint of blood to that pedestrian, he will die. You hate needles and refuse. At the moment, you cannot be legally compelled to donate your blood. If you can't be compelled to donate blood (which is almost completely safe) to save the life of someone he recklessly endangered, a woman should not be required to donate her internal organs for 9 months to a fetus to keep it alive. EDIT: There are probably other ways in which my view could be changed, but here is the conversation that changed my view first: ugarnteller: So, let's say there was a teleporter accident that caused the second head. You knew it was a risk going in. It will take 9 months for science to clone a body to host the head. Are you still free to kill it? My realization as I thought through the implications: This is again, a very difficult question and I had to put some thought into it before responding. Since we're into sci-fi land, lets look at the probable scenario: In a world where teleportation is a common mode of transport and head grafting was a possible (if somewhat uncommon) outcome, I wouldn't want to travel without knowing that whoever I traveled with (assuming these are the only people who get head-grafted) agreed to keep my head alive until my replacement body could be found. This would be a sort of additional agreement reached between the teleporters. Even in this scenario, I would be very hesitant make it a default law.... but I could easily see that it could become that way if enough people used teleportation and the head-grafting continued to happen. So, I guess the short answer is that I am of the opinion that it should be possible to sign away a certain level of bodily autonomy to secure a level of personal safety. After all, you could be the grafted head next time. This seems to severely impact my position, since an actual analogous scenario would be where the teleporter picks up a random person (who did not choose to teleport) and has their head grafted to their body. I guess if a fetus really is a person, it probably should be illegal to abort it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!