First off, I like pandas I think they are cute and interesting; however, I think we should let that species meet whatever natural end is coming. Many valuable resources are devoted to saving the panda because pandas are extremely well known and popular, not because they have a good chance of survival. Here are the reasons I believe this: 1) Pandas have lost much of their natural habitat due to the population explosion in China. While this is regrettable, it is not likely to get fixed anytime soon. This means that even if we are able to revive this species they won't have anywhere to live. 2) pandas, as a species, have chosen poorly. They are carnivorous animals who's main diet is bamboo. Their digestion can only process about 5 of the stuff in bamboo. That means they have to eat huge amounts of bamboo everyday. With the reduced habitat this is getting harder and harder. Either they need some microevolutionary shift to eat more nutritious sources of food orthey should join the likes of the dodo bird. 3) human efforts to revive the population have shown some increases, but at what cost? It is incredibly difficult to get pandas to mate with one another, it's like they don't even want their species to survive. I get they aren't actually making this choice, this is just a facetious way of saying that their instincts and biology do not support the kind of growth in population hey need. Hell, half of their births are twins and the mother almost always lets one die because she doesn't produce enough milk. I realize this would take evolution to fix and this problem is way too short term, but it means that their survival requires an exorbanant amount of human intervention. Since their is a finite amount of resources conservationists can dedicate to endangered resources they are killing other more likely to survive species. 4) I'm not saying we should encourage the decline of the panda. We should still try to preserve what habitat they have left and ban hunting them, but they are so far gone and require so much help that we shouldnt waste too many resources on them. Let the panda try to support a small and natural population without our interference. If they cannot achieve this goal, I don't think it's worth the resources to help them grow.