As more and more people in the developed world are becoming obese, many governments have begun to tax various foods they deem unhealthy because they are allegedly contributing to this epidemic. While pigovian (no pun intended) taxes of this kind may have been effective for things like alcohol or tobacco, I believe they only work when the tax makes up the majority of the price of the product. An extra ten cents on his morning can of gravy isn't going to make fatso switch to Slimfast. Unfortunately doubling or tripling the price of junk food would completely destroy the market for these things and put manufacturers out of business almost immediately. This is because there are easy untaxed alternatives to junk food, unlike booze and cigarettes. Granted you could grow your own tobacco and brew your own beer, but that takes months, while making junk food from tax-free ingredients takes minutes. Plus if a steak cost the same as a bag of chips people would simply become obese on sirloin rather than Doritos. Raising the price of food like this would also be harmful to the poor, especially considering junk food often provides the most calories for your dollar, and is thus essential for many poor people to meet their daily nutritional requirements. Say what you want about a diet high in fat and sugar, it's still healthier than starvation. In addition it's grossly unfair to punish everybody when it's only the obese that need to cut back. Even alcohol and tobacco would be relatively harmless in moderation, but in practice it would be too difficult for a vendor to tell if someone is an alcoholic chain-smoker or if they have self-control. On the other hand, much to their chagrin, nobody has ever mistaken an obese person for slim, no matter how strong the elastic in their girdle. Unfortunately if such a system were implemented many fatties would cheat it by having skinny friends or relatives buy their junk food for them. The only viable solution as I see it would be not to tax food, but rather pants, say by 5-10 per inch the waistline is larger than the inseam. This would ensure that only the fat would have to pay fat taxes. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!