Rappers are not talented. They do what anyone can do. Anyone is capable over saying words over a beat. Some rappers don't even try to make sense, or be clever. I can't believe rappers are allowed to win grammies and different music awards. Poets should be allowed to win grammies too then. Rap to me is like in the same category as a terrible singer sometimes. Every person on this earth that can speak is capable of rapping. You can't say the same for singers, that can sing on key. You might say, it takes skill to rap well. No it doesn't. It takes time, and a pen and paper. It can be mastered relatively easy. Please show me why they deserve to be respected as musicians. Edit 1: Okay uscottevil110 pointed out to me, performing, or the entertainment value is a big part of a rappers act. It takes tremendous confidence and talent to get on stage and move a crowd with your lyrics. Some rappers are capable of this so, I changed my view that some have talent in that regard, but as far as the actual rapping I still believe that I could truthfully be the next Meek, or Young Thug. Edit 2: Let me clarify what talent is to me. I already know what the webster definition is, the natural ability or aptitude to do something. Let's take young thug as an example and Lamarr. They're both rappers and make good music I like. Everyone who can talk has the ability to come up with the words young thug says, and say it like him in a drunken stupor. So everyone is talented then in some way. Lamar it would take longer, and he has a nice flow, but still it could be easily copied. Now, REAL talent to me, is a perormance like Keyshia Cole singing [Love] one of the greatest songs of all time. Or Peter Green ripping the shit out of a guitar, in songs like, need your love so bad, or [the supernatural] . That's REAL talent, compared to something like [this] . REAL talent is something that not your average jor could do. Some are born with it. For some it takes years to become good at it, but it has to have a level of difficulty, in my view, that the average person can't easily attain. Edit 3: uglory2hypnotoad showed me writing a full length album on Eminems level does take I guess some real skill. So there are a few rappers who have some real talent. But generally they are untalented. However every singer that can sing on key is talented to me. It's just in a whole'nother caliber of music to me, for the simple reason it's next to impossible to attain. Comparing Eminem to any singer that can sing on key, is like comparing Iman Shumpert to Lebron James. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!