This CMV is not about whether you or I believe aliens exist. It is about the widely held point of view: if you don't think alien life exists elsewhere in the universe, you're crazy. I understand where this view comes from; the [Universe is so unimaginably huge] and so filled with [galaxies] , and therefore stars, and therefore [planets] , there simply must be other life out there. My view is that this approach is fundamentally unscientific and should not be held because it is based on probability and not actual scientific evidence. My background: I am a physics and astronomy teacher, and I teach about this subject in depth every year. I think about it and research it often. I'm well acquainted with the [Drake Equation] , the [Fermi Paradox] and [its many possible solutions] , the [Great Filter] , and the debate over alien life in general. My own belief in the matter used to be strongly on the 'of course aliens exist out there' side, but I thought the distances were just too vast for us to ever observe them. However, my opinion was strongly shifted by the book Alone in the Universe by [John Gribbin] , and I now think that the great profusion of life here on Earth is so rare that we are alone in the Universe. Don't get me wrong, I'm completely open to the idea of aliens existing. I kind of hope they do, as long as they don't destroy us all! But until we get any kind of scientific evidence that they exist - an organized signal, clear alien-made trace elements on a planet's spectroscopy, anything measurable - I think the correct scientific approach is that they don't exist. CMV. Edit 1: Some good thoughts in here, thanks. Also, some incorrect assumptions about what I'm saying. Probability is of course a useful scientific tool, the key to our understanding of quantum mechanics. But guesses about the Drake Equation boil down to probability based on no data, quite different from the data-based probability of QM. The most compelling argument that I've read below is that because we know life happened once in the Universe with us, it could happen again. Physical laws of symmetry point to the idea that there are no unique events in the Universe. I'm not sure I agree with that, but it's given me something to think about. And so the crux of the argument comes down to abiogenesis, life from non-life. Is it easy or hard? Could it have happened only once? Alone in the Universe argues that a LOT of things had to go just right for us to exist. I call these things'Drake's Denominator' in class the scores of things that went just right for us that might kill the huge totals of galaxies, stars, and planets. Edit 2: Delta awarded, thanks all for your thoughts. I realized that even the single data point we have about life, life here on Earth, makes it possible for other life to exist out there. We don't have any evidence yet, but it's not unscientific to imagine that it exists. I still think life is exceedingly rare out there, and perhaps we're alone. The strange thing is that we'll probably never know. The story about [Vlad the Astrophysicist] is closer to my main view about aliens in general civilizations pop in and out of existence in no time at all, never having the chance to reach out across space and communicate. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!