If you genuinely have an interest in an European country or language, then that beats any reason to learn an East Asian one. However, learning Mandarin Chinese, Japanese or Korean is more valuable than learning any European language. -Travel It's easier for Europeans to learn English and harder for East Asians to learn English. Most Europeans at the very least speak basic English, and most East Asians only know English words. You can travel across Europe only knowing English, but in East Asia it helps more to know the language. I don't consider places like South America and China to be developed enough to travel through, other than tourist spots catering to English speakers. -Media When it comes to media, East Asian countries have their own isolated worlds. Going through their music, films, television and books can almost feel like visiting an alien world since so little reaches the west. Specifically Japan and South Korea are economic powerhouses and understand the importance of [soft power] , and as a means produce a lot more films, music, games, comics, literature and TV than any European or South American country. -Availability European languages have more speakers than East Asian languages, but most Europeans already speak English. For an American there may be a lot Latin American immigrants, but there are Asian immigrants everywhere in the world. East Asian languages might not be as widely available, but their populations are educated, travel a lot, and have [more native speakers than other European languages.] -Difficulty East Asian languages are said to be notoriously hard by Europeans, but with technology in just the recent years it has become a lot easier. Chinese characters, hangul and Japanese writing systems can now be learned on your smartphone by playing games with apps like memrise or anki. A lot of European-language speakers complain about how complex European grammar tends to be, whereas East Asian grammar often is "logical" and straight to the point (with exceptions, as any language). If you disclude writing systems, East Asian languages would be easier to learn as a spoken language than European ones for someone who has experience with neither. -Cultural benefits It's almost as if their worlds are isolated from ours. Learning a widely different language helps us understand the structures of our own languages. Learning about a completely different culture helps us understand the uniqueness of our own culture. European cultures are often so similar that we only tend to think of simple things as being differentiating between countries, but what makes us unique as westerners becomes much more apparent when compared to a country at the other side of the world. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!