I'm not a cop hater. I like to think I'm a relatively reasonable person but I'm honestly not even 100 sure how I really feel with the constant barrage of news stories about police breaking the law and victimizing regular citizens. I replied to another redditor saying to basically always do what a cop says [here] Section of his comment If a police officer asks you to do something, you do it. Pretty much without exception. If you wish to challenge the police officer's legal right to do something, the proper venue is in Court and not in the street. and my reply That's horse-shit buddy Despite the sheer magnitude of the amount of recent cases of police blatantly abusing their power with zero retribution I am still of the opinion that most officers are genuinely decent people. But like any other human, they carry inclinations for benevolence AND iniquity. Honest intentions sadly don't always equal righteous actions and authority must be challenged. Always. Full stop. I'm not some edgy teenage anarchist. The police work for the public. They need to constantly be held accountable and should never be beyond reproach You say the proper venue to challenge the police's legal right to do something is in the courts; I say the proper venue is any and everywhere. I do believe this but reading it back to myself and trying to see it from someone else point of view I feel like I sound like some kind of deluded government conspiracy theorist. EDIT: It's been pointed out that my title is shitty and misleading. I'll restate my position better but as of now I no longer hold that view specifically. Cops have authority. I fully support that. I believe it's necessary for a society to function for there to be people to enforce the law by means greater than what the average citizen should be allowed. I also believe those enforcers should be held to a higher moral standard. That they should not violate the reach of the powers we give them. And that if they do, we, the very people that gave them the power in the first place, have our own duty to not allow it despite such disobedience being an often unsafe and likely consequential undertaking. Might doesn't make right. I definitely don't want to get my ass beat andor thrown in jail for pissing off the wrong cop by not letting him violate my rights and despite my position I don't know if I would have the courage in the moment to stand up to a weaponized bully but I do know it would be the right thing to do. Maybe not the smart thing, but the right thing. I'm not saying to go around saying the fuck the police and disobeying them for no reason. I'm saying only show deference when they are acting appropriately.