In our society, we have decided that forcing another to have sex is a major violation of that person's body autonomy. In fact, forcing one to have sex when they don't want to is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to things that are unacceptable to do to a person without his or her permission. Telling someone that they can't get a medical procedure done (or, likewise, telling that they HAVE to get a medical procedure done) is just as awful as is dictating how they were their hair or how they dress. In that same vein, what makes it okay in our society for your significant other to dictate who you sleep with? Sex in our society is a recreational activity enjoyed by most adults in at least some capacity. People dictating what their SOs do for fun in their free time seems rather controlling. Adults should feel free to do what their bodies what they wish as long as they aren't physically forcing another person to do something. Forcing another person to only have sex with you seems to me like an awfully controlling behavior and takes away the body autonomy that they should have. I can understand if a couple decides between the two of them that would like to sleep exclusively with each other. It's just surprising to me at times that it is the norm to be mad enough at your SO to break up with them if they have sex with someone outside of the relationship. I understand that people cheat all the time, but open relationships just seem to be the exception rather than the norm. If you want a monogamous relationship and your SO sleeps with someone else, then you shouldn't be mad at your SO. You should simply realize that you guys want different things out of a relationship and part ways. Getting angry would be controlling your SO and taking away his or her own control over his or her own body. And just for clarification: I am not saying that everyone should go out and cheat on their SOs. I am more stating that it should be normal and acceptable for people to have sex with people outside of a two person relationship for no other reason than that it is oddly controlling to insist that your SO sleep with no one besides you. Also, I wanted to point out that I am purposefully not using particular genders. It is just as bad to for a woman to tell a man he can't have sex outside the relationship as it would be if a man told a woman the same thing. So, please. Change my view! Why should it be the norm to have monogamous relationships? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!