I'm a really bad student, like a really bad student. In certain classes I simply do not do the homework and in all classes I rarely ever study. I understand perfectly where this will get me, but I am simply not willing to throw all my time and energy into things I see as unnecessary. Don't get me wrong I'm not some party high schooler, quite the opposite really. I am an all honors student with many AP classes that I have been scheduled to take next year after taking one AP class this year (sophomore year). I don't waste my time with things I see as trivial and slowly school has turned into something I see as trivial. Instead of doing my school work I spend timing learning how to program or watching a documentary on issues in this world. I write, I read, and I just try to learn everything I can but just not at school. I feel like I need the freedom to choose what I do and when I do it and I am just not allowed this with school. Every morning I wake up at 6:45 sit through painstakingly boring classes with rare highlights as there is just one or two classes I can somewhat enjoy. If there's a test it's a 5050 that I'll turn it in half blank and if it's a lecture or some other activity I'll tune in only once awhile to get the gist of the lesson. I sometimes look around to my peers and see people with 4.0 gpa's who are completely focused on school. I see them during free periods doing all the work assigned and I see them get mad when they get 2 points taken off. When I see this I can appreciate the effort, but at the end of the day there are literally thousands of other people just like them. Every school in the country has a couple valedictorians who will all be competing to get into the "best" colleges and a majority of them will not make it. I think I understand the importance of college and I feel like I would excel at some of the top university, but as of now I not chasing that 4.0 gpa required to get there and I don't see myself doing that anytime soon. I love to learn, I really love to learn and I teach myself new things I find interesting and useful everyday. That passion continues grow but it's pushing me away from going to the best colleges which I have been told will allow me to achieve the things I want to do. So please tell me why I should need to get that 4.0 gpa and go to the best of the best of colleges. I want to help the world, but I'm not sure I'm going about it in the right way. Edit: Thanks for all the advice guys. It's been very helpful and I'll be visiting this thread in the future when my determination will inevitably falter. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!