Hi. Whenever I read about people trying to - increase the number of women in science or engineering - increase the number of women in politics - increase the number of women in positions of power - increase the number of women that are firefighters or police I can't help feeling that it is a rather useless cause. I have no problem at all with there being less women than men in any place. What I would (and do) have a problem with is women having it more difficult than men to enter certain professions. That is the real problem we should, as a society, try to solve. The current approach is "forcing" the proportion of women to increase, by means of: - gender-specific student grants, - positions reserved for women, - lower physical requirements, - etc. As I see it this kind of solutions are problematic in two ways: - They involve so-called "positive discrimination," which leads to cases where a candidate gets ahead of a fitter one only because the former is a woman. This is absurd and can increase animosity in the male coworkers. Admittedly, that would be wrong on their part, but it still can create an hostile work environment. - They don't solve the real issue, which is the discrimination that would have stopped the women from getting the job. They may be able to overcome it thanks to external help, but even if we have solved the symptoms the problem is still there. The only benefits I see is that "artificially" increasing the number of women in certain places may make the presence of women in said place appear less "unusual" to society, thereby decreasing the discrimination, but I still think they do more harm than good. Reddit, change my view! PD: English is not my first language, so I apologize for any awkwardly phrased sentence I may have written, and welcome any correction. EDIT: In only a few hours there have been a lot of great answers that have confirmed my feeling that this was a more nuanced issue that I could even imagine. My view has been changed in that I had underestimated the benefits of this kind of measures. In particular I now see that: - Artificially increasing the number of women in certain fields makes said fields much less "threatening" to other women. - Makes male coworkers appreciate the capabilities of women, decreasing further discrimination. - Improves the selection process by eliminating male-favoring biases. Whenever a man less prepared than a woman would have got the position by conscious or unconscious biases a well-prepared woman will get it. I remain unconvinced that physical tests should have easier versions for women. Most people seemed to agree with me on this, though. I have realized, however, that jobs that at first seem to be mainly physical (police, firefighters,...) would also benefit from having more women. Some of my favourite answers, where you can find studies supporting all of this, are: uYxoque: uwaldrop02: uclairebones: uyesthatsright: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!