before you guys bombard me with downvotes I would simply like to point out that I am not saying this is true. I am just expressing my conditional views that I am forced to live with. these are obviously the views I wish you guys could help me conquer. to get started I'm pretty sure that by now you guys are probably thinking "this fool has spend too much time at rtheredpill." but I'm not gonna lie, I was a member there once. in fact I had this mentality years before being part of that subreddit. it wasnt till last year when they decided to banned me over some stupid post that I finally woke up and ended up realizing how stupid and ignorant I been by using such sexist tactics to fulfill the grudges I held towards women for my past unsuccessful moments with them. I simply moved on and said "fuck it! I dont want to be miserable like these guys." anyways growing up I was always conditioned to believe that we men are always happy and conformed with life just as long as we got a vagina to stick our penises in whenever it is available to us while women in the other hand dont just want a penis in them. they only want a penis that... -will provide for them and take care of them in the long run -is as hot as Tom Cruise, Brad Pitt or Christian Bale -that is rich and wealthy -that's gonna give them the will and ability to make all their other girlfriends jealous -and the list goes on anyways those these things are common logic in today's society unfortunately I know that this cant always be the case. I feel like I got these things engraved in my conscious now and no matter how much I try to see it from a positive perspective I always get a rush of negative thoughts from my past experiences and old believes that force me to end up back in the old pessimistic mindset that I been stuck with all of my life. so can anyone please help me conquer this mindset once and for all? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!