Alright, so, I was challenged by a friend of mine to post this here for discussion, and while I am open to ideas to modify it or drop it entirely, I will only do so if you can actually change my mind. I will not give up easily. I believe I can change this country, better yet, this world for the better. The whole idea behind what I am about to say relates back to evolution. Humans do not allow evolution to take place properly. We save the weak. I personally believe that we should execute the weak. yes, this sounds harsh but let me explain why. We are not advancing as a race. For now though, we will keep it to America for the sake of the argument and hope the rest of the world catches on. Another massive problem we are facing is over population, we are using our resources and producing waste and pollution and mind blowing rates. You look at animals and if an animal doesn't want to eat, it dies, if a human doesn't want to eat, it has an eating disorder and is treated for the disorder. More importantly that human is allowed to procreate. We allow shitty genetics to be passed on. We SAVE the WEAK. We also allow these morbidly obese, incredibly stupid people live and breed. If an animal in the wild isn't fit, or cannot attract a mate, it will die and or be unable to pass on its genetics. Humans may be fat and physically repulsive but if they have money they can still get women and still have children, which fucks with the gene pool. I could go on for longer in this section but if more reasoning is necessary I'll continue on later. Now to determine who is to be executed. The type of people I want to execute are people who are not able to make a contribution to society. If you weigh 500 pounds but you're incredibly smart, you can still make a contribution to society. The opposite is also true, if you're borderline retarded but you're very physically fit, you can also contribute to society. People who are mentally unstable shall also be executed as we wouldn't want their genetics passed on and they are a threat to the gene pool we are creating. What will determine who is executed: At the age of 14 years old, annual testing will begin based on birthday. There will be three tests, a mental test, a physical test, and a psychological test. Your Mental test exactly 3 months after your birthday and your physical test 9 months after your birthday. Tests will vary depending on your age, the older you get the harder they become, until the age of 20 where they will remain the same until 35 and gradually work their way down until the age of 65 where no further testing will be required. At the age of 20 we will also introduce psychological testing which will continue until the age of 65. What the tests will consist of: The mental test will be a basic evaluation of your ability to do math, your ability to read and write, and your basic understanding of the sciences. This test should not be difficult, anyone who has at least a D average in school should be just fine. For the physical test, every age group will be required to complete a mile in 16 minutes. This is a very easy time to make, you can walk that pace. Physical tests will include varying push up or sit up tests depending on age group. There may be a few other exercises required in certain age groups, and the amount of repetitions will also vary depending on age. this should be easy for anyone who isn't morbidly obese. Next is the psychological test. These will be administered every 5 years to insure mental stability and health of everyone. We want the mental health of our gene pool to be good as well. Lastly, there will be certain ways to be omitted to testing, ALL WILL BE FROM SOME SORT OF SIGNIFICANT CONTRIBUTION TO SOCIETY, the main one being in the military. If you served in the military without being dishonorably discharged, you will be exempt from any further testing in your lifetime. Another example of a way to be omitted from testing is by paying for it. The cost will be 25,000 per year, per person. Many will be angry that it's giving more power to the rich, but I see it as a valid way of determining someones potential for making a contribution to society. If you are rich, I will almost guarantee you are either physically fit enough or mentally fit enough to pass the tests and you would have been fine anyway. AN IMPORTANT NOTE: You will only have to pass 2 out of 3 tests. How we will execute people: We will set up an organization in charge of carrying out testing and executing people. My idea is to possibly have the military be in charge of this, though I haven't had the time to think too much into that, this I am very open to other ideas on. The method of execution I think will be best is the firing squad. 8 men, 2 with real bullets to ensure death, 6 with blanks for the obvious reason. For those who are unaware, my understanding is that firing squads use primarily blanks so the gunmen aren't aware of who actually killed the person so they don't have trouble with living life after killing someone. Now another thing I would like to do that isn't executing people, but will improve our gene pool is preventing certain people from having children. People with MORE THAN two generations of diagnosed cancer or potentially terminal illnesses that tend to be passed on genetically will be sterilized. These people will not be allowed to produce offspring, however we will make it easy for them to adopt if they would like to have children. I would also like to place a limit on the amount of children a person may have. The maximum number of children a person may have is 3, which is a very reasonable amount. It should slow the rate of population increase or possibly make the population decrease due to some couples not having children or only having 1 child. There is no reason to have more than 3 children because at that point you're just putting a burden on society. If say you already have 2 children and you would like to have a third but you end up with twins, triplets, or even more, you will be allowed to keep them as it wasn't your intent to have that many. When you hit the limit for children you will be sterilized. This is all I can think of for now, if I remember more of my plan I will post. So reddit users, change my view.