Edit: I have offered a delta in this thread, but I would really like more responses, because the one I offered a delta to was for a bit of a pedantic point. Please don't let it dissuade you from answering. Also, the title should read: "there is no consistent moral framework." The mere existence of a framework is not a very interesting point to debate. A few things first: I do eat meat, and I don't want have sex with animals. I believe both eating meat and having sex with animals are wrong. I think that the reason that I eat meat despite believing it is wrong is that it's simply what I've been doing my whole life. Okay, so, the best argument I know for it being immoral to have sex with animals is that they are incapable of consent and that therefore sexual behaviour with animals is rape. I cannot imagine that any animal would give its consent to dying just in order to satisfy a person's appetite. Furthermore, I don't see a moral difference between acts of bestiality and some methods of animal husbandry. Consider this how-to on collecting bull semen for the purpose of analysis: How can anybody claim that a bull would consent to the insertion of an electric probe into its anus and how is that morally different from a zoophile inserting their penis into a bull's anus? I don't see a justification for either behavior on'natural' grounds because while I think that both the consumption of meat and the desire to have sex with animals can come about naturally (that is to say, not artificially) there are plenty of things which occur naturally (rape, infanticide, kidnapping) that we all agree are immoral. After giving out three deltas, I think my view on the question as I posed it has been changed. I think if I could go back in time I would probably have said "CMV: If it is immoral to have sex with animals, then it is immoral to eat them" but as far as the existence of consistent moral frameworks justifying one of the behaviours but not the other, I am thoroughly convinced. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!