Generally speaking, you have two sides on the "Fat Debate": the fat acceptance movement (Healthy At Every Size, etc.) and the fat shamers (who cajole fat people into losing weight, with either benign or malicious intentions. First of all, I don't buy HAES. I believe that anyone of any size can be healthier at that size. If I start jogging once a week, I probably won't lose weight, but I'll be a teeny-tiny bit healthier and that's good. Secondly, BMI is an overall population indicator. There are of course given people who are overweight who are healthier than given people who are within normal range. Same goes for given people who are underweight vs people in normal range. However, I would state that in general, the further you slide on the scale from 22.5 in either direction, the further you're getting from optimal. However, wherever people lie on that scale - underweight - optimal - fat is none of your fucking business whatsoever. You are not a stakeholder in a stranger's health and people would do well to keep their mouths shut about other people's appearance. If you are stakeholder in their health (and this is exclusively limited to loved ones and the person's healthcare practitioners) then maybe you get to say something. Maybe. The best analogy for this is smoking. I smoke and am slightly overweight (10lb) and it is certainly the smoking that is more detrimental to my health than the few extra pounds. I know that smoking is bad for me - I'm not an idiot. I view the HAES as a bit like "Healthy No Matter How Much You Smoke." It's not true, it may even be damaging. On the other hand, encouraging hardened smokers to run around despite being smokers ain't a bad thing. Attack the campaign, if you must, but leave the people alone. It does not matter how many people tell me that smoking is bad for me. Their statements are uninvited, irritating and will do precisely nothing to change my habits. They may even reinforce them. It is none of their business if I smoke. You know when you're eating pizza and you have that one vegan health nut friend who tells you about how pepperoni is full of carcinogens and dairy will cause all kinds of damage to you? That, at best is what fat shamers come off like. I'm not saying there shouldn't be public health campaigns (much like we have anti-smoking campaigns), just that YOU PERSONALLY should never say a damn thing about a stranger's weight, EVER. EDIT: Good discussion, guys. I'm going on a delta spree now, because as uThereOnceWasAMan put it: "OPs view is that "others' weight is none of your business," not "you shouldn't shame people for being overweight." They are annoyingly correct in that that is how I should have phrased it. EDIT 2: Work has come up and I have to run off for the evening. I'll come back to this to give s to the deserving. Sorry for the delay! Don't bully fat people, kids. It helps no one. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!