A few months back there was a tragic case where a poor young girl accidentally shot a Superviser at a gunrange. The girl was nine year old and firing a Uzi submachine gun on full automatic. From some comments various people have left on this and the reporting it seems that it is not unusual for kids even younger then that to shoot real firearms. This is ridiculous. Children (and I define that in this case as everyone under 18) are not nearly responsible enough to handle them. There is a reason we do not let little children drive cars or drink alcohol etc. Childrens Brains (and even young adult's, but you have to draw the line somewhere) are still in the process of developing. We all have done stupid shit as children. Hell, just here on reddit I read about some guy who shot his brother twice as a kid. You may choose not be believe that story, but for me it seems plausible. I know btw that the Instructor in this case made some critical mistakes as well, and that children shooting firearms have to be supervised. But still, if the Girl had the experiance, wisdom and patience that comes with being an adult, this would have never happened. An adult acts as another layer of protection to prevent an accident. In my view, having a child handle a firearm is a little like not exercising proper trigger discipline. If you do everything else right, nothing bad can really happen. But you should never rely on doing everything else right. You might know some very mature and patient 14 year old who is really interested in hunting or sport shooting. In that case, congratulations. But I still stand by my view that that kid should wait and grow four more years. Sure, they might not get to shoot for four your years, but nobody will die. EDIT: ucaw81 has slightly changed my view. Now I think only people under the age of 16 should be barred. EDIT 2: uincruente and uZorthianator have completely changed my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!