Edit: I get it. In adverse conditions manual will triumph over automatics, and in certain hill situations along with easy repair and longevity. I don't see many compelling arguments for coupes other than they look cool or may be easier to park in places you wouldn't want to be driving anyways. Economy coupes used to be a budget choice for younger people who didn't need the space, so auto companies can also save money on two doors. Marginally better gas mileage may be an incentive as well. High end luxury sport car manufacturers can argue that the coupe offers better aerodynamicslower weight to improve performance and handling.Today, coupes cost the same if not more than the same model sedan. I don't believe a slimmer profile can noticeably improve performance in an economy 140HP car, similarly, I find the fuel economy improvement from 30 to 32 mpg hard to justify the loss of two doors at the same price. Automatic transmission performance used to be inferior to manuals, and an expert could handle a car with manual significantly better than an auto. Today, the highest performance cars come with automatics, and manual often isn't an option anymore. Even in models that offer both, the 0-60 and quarter mile speed is quite a bit better in the automatic, which offers "manual shifting" anyways. I believe that their long history and inferior counterparts has created a aura of superiority over automatics, similar to the Stradivarius violins. Due to production quantities, a manual transmission costs the same as automatic if not more. This leaves me with only a few situations where one would practically want a coupe: High end 400-500 HP sportscars which accelerate and go fast enough that the profile and marginal weight makes a difference. And for manual transmission: Old classic imitation cars for the nostalgia? They're plainly under performing now. Whenever I see a Bentley or Benz S550600 coupe, I cringe a bit since they're very obviously not performance based cars. Manual freaks who refuse to own any other cars also seem illogical as hell. Any thoughts? Please leave the footnote below the following line, but remember to delete this sentence by replacing it with the body of your post. Thank you! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!