Awhile ago, Facebook released several new genders - many of them seemed to come out of nowhere and almost all are incredibly confusing, over-the-top, and redundant. To preface this, I am not against anyone in the LGBT community and welcome the idea of gay marriage and things similar. However, I've never really been on-board with all these new genders. Anyway, some of the terms that come to mind are Agender and Androgynous. The mean the same thing, to not identify as any gender, so why are they two separate words? Genderfluid and Bigender seem completely redundant too - so, why even have them? I'm also not entirely sure why people can't just dress the way they want to while remaining whatever sex they were given at birth. Does it really matter if a man dresses as a woman? Does he really have to be classified as gender-fluid because it really just seems like a word that would be less blunt than cross-dressing. Again, I have nothing against that, but it seems like people are trying to make other words to someone glorify what they're doing. Also, what's the deal with "cis"? Cis-female. Cis-male. Cis-man. Cis-woman. Cisgender. If the definition of "cis" is basically people acting within the confines of their gender, why can't they just be called women and men? Why do they have to have a special name? Considering that people are giving away names to things that already exist, it seems really indicative of how strong other words in their dictionary are (see: gender-fluid and bi-gender redundancy). Again, I can't stress this enough, I have no issues with people being who they want to be and how they want to be that. It just seems overly unnecessary to have a million new Facebook gender options for things that clearly overlap each-other. A lot of this also seems more of a ploy for attention, not someone actually identifying as something. With that being said, am I just seeing this the wrong way? I get incredibly annoyed when someone tells me they're "gender-fluid" or "cis-female." It makes me believe that I may be seeing this the wrong way - or maybe these terms really are inessential and pointless? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!