Hello CMV, I am not a parent but curious as to get your opinions to CMV. I grew playing competitive soccer (worked my way up to the competitive teams from your basic youth teams) and never once received a trophy for simply participating or losing. You either got 1st, 2nd, 3rd or you got nothing it was simple as that. By losing and not being rewarded we understood we had to try harder as an individual and try harder as a team to win. This led me to become much more competitive because I wanted to earn that trophy and be on that competitive team. I really dont understand the idea of rewarding everyone for not winning, it's almost like saying "hey, even if you dont try you still win." I hear stories about teams that go 0-13 in a season and the kids walk away with a trophy, why? Don't get me wrong, I'm not a cold hearted person and love to see all children happy but I dont understand the concept of rewarding someone for losing or not trying hard enough will result in a prize. To me that just teaches a kid that NOT giving your best will still result in a prize. What lesson does that teach you when you grow up? That your failure or lack of effort will be rewarded regardless of how you performed? Doesn't that give the child a bad mentality growing up? Personally if I had a kid and heshe played a sport I wouldn't allow the coach or a parent to give them a trophy for simply participating, I would make them understand that a rewardtrophy is earned by hard work and dedication. I know not all kids are athletic but I still dont understand the concept or idea. We all know reality is a bitch and life is going to hit you with some hard lessons so why not teach your kid that hard work pays off? Again, I am not trying to sound cold but I just dont understand the concept of rewarding failurelosing, CMV...... Edit: thanks for all the answers, feedback and insight. Many of you helped CMV. Again, I hope I didn't come off as cold or inconsiderate. I have younger cousins and love to see them succeed in anything they do, especially sports. I was more interested in having a discussion as to "why" and the mentality behind it. Many of you made valid arguments and gave me some great insight. I'm happy to keep discussing if people are interested but please note I am not against the idea but was more interested in helping me change my view of it. If anything please continue to give your children positive feedback, effective communication, motivation and let them know that team work is a great thing. I recommend everyone put their kids in sports (dont push them into it but help and guide them into something they love doing or are very passionate about). It really does pay off when you get older and helps them build some self confidence and understand the dynamics of a social environment. Thanks again everyone! Edit 2: Since the discussion continues, I think children under 12 should only get participation Trophies. Once you hit that age you should be teaching your kids the fundamentals of structured team work, effort and the idea that life will not reward your for simply showing up. Giving participation trophies to kids 13 and above is not a good life lesson. If you care to continue CMV on that! Edit 3: Thanks everyone for the continued conversation, input, points of views and personal experiences. This sub is great for people who are curious as to get the other sides opinion and everyone should keep an open mind about changing their view on the matter. Now some last bit of advice for coaches and parents who put their kids in sports. PLEASE keep your eye out for the that one un-athletic kid who might not be the best on the team and make sure that hisher team mates understand this is a team event and that everyone is in this together. Some of these personal experiences shared with me shed some light on how people hated playing sports and were being bulled because they were that kid and the other kids made them feel left out. Not all kids will be good athletes but you can teach your kids to respect one another, support one another and to ensure that they understand the unity of team work. If your kid is that "all-star" on the team then make them understand this most because the other kids will look to himher to see how they treat the rest of the team. A good leader will understand this and this habit will grow with them, you just have to show them how and why. Thanks again for all the input, this is a great sub.