It appears to me that when people talk about the rise of China as a global force, all they talk about is political clout and economic strength. However, one thing which I believe is important and not many people are talking about is cultural influence. I'm not talking about GDP or lobbying power, I'm talking about blue jeans, pop music, the idea of social mobility, emancipation and suffrage for all. These are all concepts born in the West and exported all around the world, causing social changes in the cultures of the countries they take root in. More and more young Japanese are breaking off from their country's own traditions to follow Western culture, before their radicalization (also, unfortunately, facilitated by the West) blue jeans and pop music was taking the Middle East by storm, African nouveau riche seek to emulate the Western businessman lifestyle ideal of sleek cars and fat cigars. The whole idea of the Western way of life has bled into the cultures of countries all over the world, and has likely changed them almost irrevocably. However, I cannot see that the same thing has happened with regards to China. The biggest cultural exporter in the East as far as I can see is Japan, despite its smaller economy and shrinking population: people still can't get enough of Manga and anime, of Japanese fashion (the trendier edge of which is mainly a Japanese take on Western fashion), of Japanese cuisine, of the whole idea of the Japanese society as one of politeness and civility in any situation. Heck, even Japanese bands are some of the most globally popular Eastern bands (though South Korea might take the crown with regards to this one after PSY). The point I'm making is that apart from cuisine, I cannot see of any real cultural impact Chinese culture has had on the rest of the world, especially when compared to the influences of Western culture as well as Korean and Japanese culture. Because of this, I find it hard to take China seriously as a social threat, although politically and economically I accept that they are strong.