Im probably going to ramble on and such so I will make my point clear from the way I see it. Also my rhetoric is not going to be nice because its sort of half a rant too. I guess this is directed at a sort of liberalprogressive crowd, but can apply to right wing people too. Ever since atheism and anti-theism movement sprung up on reddit we have been bashing it. Some of those reasons was correct. I believe atheists used too much rhetoric such as "free thinker," "skeptic," "reason" and "logic" to push their agenda. And we used to (USED TO) have neckbeards spewing some obnoxious shit. And I agree they come off as cringy. But in general, mockery of religion is fun, really fun and FAIR! We laugh at bullshit ideas all the time. "im an atheist but please be tolerant, let them believe" or "People believe different things" or something similar. -We have such an agenda of tolerating christians because in the west because the majority is still christian, this also influences "tolerant atheists" subconsciously -We tolerate Islam because "that is the religion those people in them middle east believe in" so it would make us racist to criticize it. Like I get it Fox news is racist, but I dont have to be racist because I critizice Islam. Its like the people who try to tolerate Islam somehow think its racist to criticize it, failing to see that there is a diverse spectrum of people who believe in Islam and not just middle eastern people. Calling people racist for critizicing Islam is such a high level of mental gymnastics that I cant even. -We cant critizice Jews because that would make us literally Hitler. (I actually understand this one though) -Mormons are made fun of, but mostly they get the same treatment as christians "let people believe what they believe." -We dont respect the views of other-kin, astrologists, parapsychologists, flat earthers etc. Because? They are not a majority, nor taught to us before we could write. That is what I think most people choose to ignore. We dont have people spewing tolerance of religion because we have some genuine need to spare someones feelings. Its because christianity is popular, based on faslehood and people feel like their beliefs are under attack. When was the last time you saw someone going out of their way to defend a person who claimed to be a wolf? Oh, wait they get laughed at and mocked universally. Guy claims to believe hes literally drinking the blood of christ? Someone mocks him and gets labeled a fedora neckbeard. Like seriously if someone tells you they believe in unicorns you can probably laugh in their face like "HAHAHA, you believe that?" and no one would bat an eye. However, have long debates where you try to go into detail of the problems surrounding religion and trying to debunk it? Richard Dawkins and speakers like him get called intolerant. As if a desire to uphold truth is somehow wrong because people get their little feelings hurt. The way I see it religion is as fake as astrology or unicorns. But there is no one defending the latter. Religion is bullshit with good PR. I would prefer to keep laughing at people who think they are wolfs, but with a world where no one is trying to pretend like religion needs some sort of handicap from society to not "hurt precious feelings." I should be able to find religion absurd without being labeled "Euphoric" or "fedora wearing neckbeard." I wish we could call out bad ideas no matter how many people believed in it. I want eqaulity when it comes to mocking things. The way I see it now religion has some sort of taboo of criticism that is protecting it. The way I want our society to change its view is for people to watch all three videos below and laugh. Just for the sake of equality. Sincerely, I live in Norway so I recieve minimal damage from religion. I just wish religion did not have to have some protective shield and having it be taboo to criticize it because they will cry the loudest when mocked. People mocking stupid beliefs: - [1] - [2] - [3] Penn Jillette: Why Tolerance Is Condescending - [4] What would change my mind is either: -A huge amount of people going out of their way to prevent people from critizicing bullshit ideas such as Astrology, para-psychology etc. (people can believe what they want, tolerance, does not hurt you) -A huge appeal to mock christianity from its own communities. -Some source proving society not having a total hypocritical view of what bullshit ideas we are aloud to mock and not Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!