After the number of fictional books and nonfictional books I've read, I've come to the conclusion that fiction is always more of a waste of time than nonfiction. I've read more fiction than nonfiction so let me give some examples. In the fiction category, I've read stephen king's "the long walk," "needful things," and "the shining"; I've read pretty much all of crichton's books, and almost all of dan brown books. All are quite popular books. For comparison, the last 3 nonfictions I've read are [skunk works] ," the code book] ," and Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea] " See, my view isn't that fiction is boring. However, in the limited span of time I have, I'd rather read 1000 pages worth of Introductory Chemistry, than 1000 pages worth of Needful Things; I'd have learned a lot more in The Code Book about cryptography than anything I would have learned from reading Jurassic Park (some basics about DNA and molecular engineering). Because it's such a time sink, the amount of enjoyment from reading fiction is not worth the time it takes to read it. (1000 pages would take 1-2 days to read; I'd rather spend those 1-2 days watching movies or doing other time-sinking things that provides a much greater amount of pleasure). On the other hand, reading 1000 pages of nonfiction, while it would take even longer time, but it would let me get more out of it to be worth my time. CMV that reading fiction is somehow worth the time that it takes. edit: I've changed my view in the sense that not all fiction are created equal and I probably had been reading too much shitty fiction. I will try to make some efforts to read more nonshitty fiction. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!