I heard Mike Huckabee say this during the first Republican Debate, and until I went online the next morning, I couldn't imagine anyone would disagree with him. People were saying this was shameful, and embarrassing to the US military, a ridiculous simplification. To be clear, I am no fan of Huckabee, and I have nothing against our military or militaries in general. That said, I think he was dead on. I think most people who don't accept this do so because they think it's crass, and brutal. Well, yeah, but it's also absolutely true. That's why the military has all those rifles and artillery and tanks and battleships and bombs and chemical weapons and knives and humvees and machine guns: for the killing of people and the breaking of things. Sure, not every member of the military's job is to be a killer, but those people are there to support the killers. The cooks, mechanics, engineers, and secretaries are all there to let everyone else kill people and break things as safely and efficiently as possible. Again, I have absolutely no problem with this from a moral perspective. I am certainly not condemning anybody, just stating facts. Most people I've seen disagree with Huckabee are just dancing around this. "Soldiers exist to protect the United States and her interests!" Sure, using violence or the threat of violence. "The army doesn't just kill people, they developed the Internet!" Yeah, as a weapon to coordinate their violence in the most efficient way possible. The internet we have now is just an unintended side effect. The US military is in a bit of a unique position, since they haven't had a lot of opportunities to do their job recently. Our military is so badass, there are not a lot of people with enough courage or stupidity to take us on. Thus, a lot of time is spent running practice drills and handing out food to people after earthquakes. That's great, but it's all a displacement activity until they need to do their real job. It's a sideshow, a distraction. The alternative would be these men sitting around, waiting for something to need destroying. We don't keep our military around and spend billions of dollars for disaster relief. We keep them around to kill people and break things. That's their real purpose, simple as that. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!