Would you go to Enterprise and rent a car for 24 months? That's very similar to what a lease is. 1. Suze Orman, very rich lady and personal finance guru, hates car leases in all situations. [If anyone ever brings up the topic of leasing a car, she just gives them a Suze Smackdown.] 2. People lease cars so they can afford to drive something they cannot buy. "You're spending money you don't have to impress people you don't know," Suze says. You should go to a used car lot and find something you can own for the same payment as what you would lease. It might not be that hard, the first owner took a 20-30 hit in value as soon as he took ownership. You might find the car 2 or 3 years old and you can buy with the same money. 3. When you look at the details, it just doesn't add up to a good deal. You have to come up with a large down payment, pay monthly, and at the end of it all, you own nothing. To re up your lease, they expect another large down payment for a car you already have. Their are milage restrictions. Once I knew a guy who lived in Detroit and wanted to go to Chicago for the weekend, but was afraid to drive his car because he calculated that his daily commute was going to put him very close to or slightly beyond the mileage limit by lease end. You're paying monthly for a car that you can't drive whenever you want because they're going to charge you .25 per mile over the limit. If you go 3000 miles over (which could happen in one road trip) that's 750 you have to pay just to give the car back. Oh and you're also paying through the nose for any dent, ding, bump, stain or scratch in the car. Unless it's a company providing a company car for business purposes. Your employer isn't in the business of owning, servicing and managing vehicles for the long term so a lease makes sense for them. They dont have time to sell a car when they're done with it, or deal with ownership. All the drawbacks of leasing such as mileage fees, they probably just pass that on to employee driving it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!