With all that is going on with Reddit lately I think the big thing that is being ignored is that this is largely a White male community. When it functioned in that way everything seemed to go more or less fine (of course there were others interspersed but that was the majority of viewpoints). As more and more groups began to be introduced there were shall we say competing interests. They correctly are asking for space within the community as well. However, the problem is White men had already kind of adopted this space as a place where they could discuss their problems without feeling guilty etc. For example, when people complain about false rape charges getting to the front page constantly or reverse discrimination cases etc etc. I think the SJW this and that we often see is just pushback from White Men feeling "invaded" for lack of a better word. I'm not saying this is right. I think this last ush of banning subs etc also has the same implications first FatPeopleHate is seen as appealing to women and feminists. Then Coontown seen as appealing to minorities. I think its reflective of White Men feeling like all other people get to have their spaces etc. but they never do. What I got from the threads is that people feel betrayed and I believe that feeling is genuine. So here's the actual CMV. Why can't everyone just let White Guys have this one. Why can't we all just either accept that this is and will be a site that leans towards issues important to (straight) White Men and will be biased towards their opinions or leave and go to a different site. Its not like their aren't other hubs. And I'm not saying that there shouldn't be differences of opinion etc. (newsflash: not all White guys think the same). But just as anyone is welcome to watch Logo and comment on it etc no one would complain that the content is too gay or be upset if anti-gay things or things that appear to be anti-gay get the equivalent of downvoted (and no I'm not comparing experiences in any way). I also think that if people recognized this gping in there would be less abrasive push back from the trolls and "dark side" of reddit. Edit: reply from rnannyhap produced new idea that perhaps having a place that tolerates hateful views makes for an artificial influx of them. Doesn't quite change my view all the way but definitely something I hadn't considered. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!