First of all, I am largely opposed to the prison-industrial complex. I feel that many of the laws behind it are arbitrary (re: the drug war and victimless crimes), and that even many of the violent criminals who are jailed don't need to be locked up for as long to prevent them from being an immediate or persistent threat. In fact, I believe that long term incarceration under harsh conditions is something which actually causes further social harm - directly to the person incarcerated and to the society which the prisoner will be released into after an extended period of incarceration. Also, if the person has dependents, they too might suffer more if their material needs are not adequately provided for. Subsequently, if some sort of punishment is required for violating some sort of socially accepted institution, then I feel that some form of shaming, shunning, and exile are possibly effective alternatives to prevent crime before we decide to incarcerate someone for an extended period of time or issue fines which they may not be able to pay. One advantage to this approach is that the punishment is more directly democratic. It's not a punishment which is wholly issued by a sitting judge who is appointed to represent the public and who arbitrarily decides a perpetrator's fate. Rather, the perpetrator, by agreeing to make public their offense, can still receive a certain degree of sympathy and forgiveness. And if they are shunned or exiled (for some indeterminate amount of time), then other members of the public can go along with that punishment to a degree they see fit. Granted, with shunning or exile the punishment would work much better with social cohesion, but if it were the accepted form of punishment then shunning or exile might be more readily accepted and enforced by the general population of an area. Admittedly, this is an aspect of society which would probably have to be reformed or evolve if a society chose to move away from incarceration, corporal punishment, and excessive fines. But if society is incapable of changing in this way.... then I'm not sure society would be able to change in other ways which would make it sustainable and tolerable to live within. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!