First things first: I know this sounds kind of stupid, but 100 serious here; not a troll. Dogs are not Disney cartoons. Yes, they're thinking, feeling creatures, but their ways of communication could hardly be any more different from ours. A dog leaping onto you is not expressing affection; it's literally asserting dominance. A dog dragging you by the leash is not eager to play; it's showing you who the top dog is and ordering you to follow the pack leader (itself). A dog making eye contact is, again, asserting dominanceread: not affectionately gazing into its master's eyes. The list goes on. Seems like we've anthropomorphizing our cuddly partners a bit too much. Chances are, it's probably not thinking what most people think it's thinking. A dog that looks "depressed" to most of us is really just an obedient dog with a responsible owner. Man's best friend? That's some grade-a bull. Man's best friend is none other than fellow man. Dogs have no capacity for logic reasoning skills and will bark at any stranger to feel better about themselves. We don't understand them very well, and they understand us even less. They've helped our hunter-gatherer ancestors, and are still useful to people with certain disabilities today. But that makes them no more than co-workers and can hardly be considered potential friends, given our inherent differences in nature. Dog experts of reddit, I'd love to have my mind changed on this one because I literally can't look at dogs anymore without thinking they are incredibly savage and overly-hierarchical creatures undeserving of our attention. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!