I'm a programmer, and I am really interested in data science and machine learning. I think it started at my current job, where occasionally I was told to scrape websites and collect leads for the marketers (which is probably me favorite part of the job). It feels really fulfilling to me to make something (a bot) that does what a person couldn't do in a month's full time work. That, and it feels rewarding knowing I gathered something (s) with immediate marketable value. That, and that, and the idea of all of the potential uses and benefits to having this information. I've been to a lot of hackathons (programming-marathons) and open-data is an awesome opportunity to make something cool and resume-building quickly (hackathons are usually only 24-48 hours overnight). The more data out there, the more possibilities there are to help the public or invent something novel. I think of the government the same way, if the data they collect and use helps their ability to govern then I am all for it. And on a personal level, I don't care that whoever is tracking my phone, reading my emails, whatever. I'm just glad someone is using my information to make my life and the lives of others to be better. Edit: you guys got me -If the NSA collected less information, it could be more useful and usable. -Your Emails, much like music or physical letters, should be your own private property, even if they aren't now -I can't both agree that the NSA should collect this information and the NSA should do this legally, because they are collecting it illegally it is a logical fallacy -By agree to this, I take away other people's privacy rights, and that's not okay -There could be new data or ways of analyzing it that would more seriously violate privacy or give power, and this is setting a bad precedent -Mass surveillance is bad historically Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!