Currently, [it is a crime to lie to any federal officer.] It is an astoundingly severe crime too, carrying a maximum sentence up to five years in prison. Under the current law, it is a very serious felony to make any materially false statement to any federal agent. This law is routinely abused by the government to give them leverage over defendants. [Ken White at Popehat describes how:] Here's how it works. The feds identify some fact that they can prove. It need not be inherently incriminating; it might be whether you were at a particular meeting, or whether you talked to someone about the existence of the investigation. They determine that they have irrefutable proof of this fact. Then, when they interview you, they ask you a question about the fact, hoping that you will lie. Often they employ professional questioning tactics to make it more likely you will lie - for instance, by phrasing the question or employing a tone of voice to make the fact sound sinister. You - having already been foolhardy enough to talk to them without a lawyer - obligingly lie about this fact. Then, even though there was never any question about the fact, even though your lie did not deter the federal government for a microsecond, they have you nailed for a false statement to a government agent in violation of 18 USC 1001. To be a crime under Section 1001, a statement must be material - but the federal courts have generally supported the government's position that the question is not whether a false statement actually did influence the government, but whether it was the sort of false statement that could have influenced the government. Hence, the government's chickenshit false statement trap works - even though the government agents set it up from the start. Now, however weak or strong their evidence is of the issue they are investigating, they've got you on a Section 1001 charge - a federal felony. In effect, they are manufacturing felonies in the course of investigations. I think there should be no crime here unless it can be proven that the falsehood actually impeded an investigation in a meaningful manner. Also, I think the penalty should be much less severe, more like a misdemeanor. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!