Apologies in advance, as I'm sure this topic has been done to death in light of recent events. I read a few of the posts and they really didn't do anything to help my confusion. Viscerally, I feel like the two are different things and should be treated as such, but every argument I'm seeing seems to fall flat for me and I'm left with the default position: the two are functionally equivalent. The primary argument I've read against my view is that there are biological differences between how men and women are wired mentally. However, most of the papers I've read on the matter are based on [population studies] that tease out group differences from large and varying datasets. Brains aren't monolithic things that are all one way or another - for that matter, new neuronal connections and pathways can be influenced by surroundings, behavior and a host of other factors. If [where you live can determine whether or not you develop schizophrenia] , then it's quite possible that growing up with black siblings can subtely affect the brain connections of a white girl from Montana. Stepping back though, why should empirically-observable differences'legitimize' obvious differences in behavior? Our understanding of brain physiology is nowhere near precise enough to give us a 1:1 correlation between behaviors and biochemistry, and even if it were, it's not clear to me at all that someone's behavior should be invalidated because it doesn't map to our limited biological understanding. Another argument I read differentiated gender as an individualistic identity and ethnicity as a group identity. I like the thought, but just like brains, black identity isn't a monolithic thing. For every Rachel Dolezal - there are likely thousands of non-black people living in predominantly black neighborhoods, developing identities not terribly different from the black people they most often interact with - your Eminems, to use a terrible example. Saying lack of pigment invalidates that identity seems functionally identical to saying lack of a particular sex-characteristic invalidates a gender identity. Feel free to point me to a discussion, if you don't want to rehash this. I'm pretty open to having my mind changed on this one, as my feelings seem to be in disagreement with my reasoning. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!