The fact that men are disadvantaged in child custody cases is appalling. So is that fact that men who call the police to report domestic violence against them are more likely to be arrested than the ACTUAL PERPETRATOR. That's disgusting, and obviously I could list many other real problems. But the MRM is not the best solution to these problems, and often gives men's issues such bad press that it's toxic to defend them. In other words, it's not the MRM's fault that these problems exist, but it's actively damaging to the cause, quite possibly more than it has helped. Distancing itself from feminism breaks the gender equality world into "men's activists" and "women's activists." This causes us to ignore that gender inequality is bad for everyone. No one wins when a man is arrested for being assaulted by a woman. This is not a victory for women's rights. Everyone loses, because a criminal walks free while an innocent person sits in jail. Sure, there are extremists who will claim to hate all men and think this is fine, but there are also crazy atheists who claim to hate all religious people. This isn't "no true Scotsman," this is pointing out that it's unreasonable to define a group by its crazies, because if we did, no group would be reasonable. Pitting MRAs against feminists undermines the notion of actual gender equality and makes it a "men vs. women" debate, which we all lose. It would seem, to me, that a better strategy to promote men's issues would be to do it within the feminist movement. The feminist movement has existed for a long time and (relative to the MRM) is reasonably positively regarded. People get behind feminist issues. MRAs often complain that no feminists care about men's issues, but a) this doesn't seem to be entirely true unless we're yelling about strawmen and extremists and b) this would be even less true if people stopped leaving feminismgender egalitarianism for the MRM. It looks like people are ditching feminism for the MRM and then complaining that feminists don't care about men's issues, which is only true because anyone who did left. Why can't we all just work together? I get that there are people who identify with all of the above, but it seems like EVERYONE who considers themselves ANY of the above should care about all of the above. I really can't think of an intellectually honest reason to care only about men's issues or women's issues. They're both real. So why are we treating them as opposing forces? It's not like we have to ban abortions because we start listening to male victims of violence. This isn't a zero sum game, why is it being treated as one? Everyone seems to think it is, and it just doesn't make sense to me. Some things I anticipate people saying: "What about gender egalitarians?" I think rebranding feminism as gender egalitarianism would probably be the best solution, but that's going to take a hell of a lot of time. One thing that would help is if feminists started acting like gender egalitarians and actually cared about all gender issues, and MRAs joining up with them would only speed up the process. As for people who consider themselves "feminists and gender egalitarians," I see no issue. "Feminist, MRA, and gender egalitarian" is fine too, although I've never encountered one who phrased it like that. Those who consider themselves anti-feminists but gender egalitarians.... Eh. I really don't know, but I feel like shitting on feminism in general is not helpful to the gender equality discussion. (this is as opposed to legitimate critiquing, which is fair game. I'm not saying anything anyone labelled "feminist" does is above reproach, nor anything the movement does. I'm saying condemning all of modern feminism and trying to start from scratch is really unhelpful, especially when a huge part of the world is still incredibly patriarchal; see countries where getting raped is still a crimeif you're female). "Feminists aren't open to men's issues. I hear what you're saying, but that's not possible." Become a feminist open to men's issues. You're listening to one right now. Make that two and we're one step closer. "It's right for men's and women's issues to have different advocates because they are different. You might as well be saying that feminism should just merge with the LGBTQ rights movement." I don't think that's true. Men's and women's issues differ, but they are rooted in the same fundamental ideas. The reason men are arrested when they are the victim of domestic violence by women is that we live in a society that sees women differently from men. It's benevolently sexist to say that a woman simply couldn't hurt a man except in self-defense. It's also hostile sexist against men to say that men are simply violent people. Men's and women's issues are intrinsically linked, because stereotypes and perceptions of gender roles are the root of both. Essentially, I think men's and women's issues are symptoms of the same problem, so they can be addressed together. "Is your problem with anti-feminists, or MRAs? You seem to move between the two." Both, to some degree. I don't think it's fair to treat those two entirely separately, given the links. MRAs who are anti-feminist are the ones I disagree with most. People who identify as MRAs but also feminists I'm largely okay with, but the MRM in general is not terribly kind to feminists and borders on actively anti-feminist, which is the problem I'm talking about here. Edit: Guys, I want to have a conversation! I really am open to chatting about this and changing my view. I know lots of CMV users love the MRM, it gets brought up all the time.... I want to understand your perspective. I don't bite. Edit2: Well, I asked and you delivered! Definitely an interesting conversation here. Credit to uPrinceofSavoy for highlighting issues with feminism that make it inherently poorly compatible with the MRM. I'll be checking back and responding to comments that might get added later tonight, but I may not get to all of themsorry about that! I am reading and listening to all that is said, and I appreciate the many varied takes on the issue that have come up. Edit3: Okay, there are still new, good comments being posted, but there's also a fair bit of needless vitriol. I'm not responding to any comment that was rude, so if you came here to post that, you won't be hearing from me. Namecalling doesn't change views and just makes you look like a dick.