You always hear the saying, "it's like comparing apples and oranges," in a way that implies that it's silly to compare. This is false though and I would like the chance to prove to you that apples are the better, more versatile fruit. Alcohol: drinking is awesome and fun. Rarely do you hear about anything orange though, outside of being a garnish or in liquers. Apples are the full feature alcohol fruit that can come in cider or wine form, as well and being used in the same fashions oranges could, liquers and garnishes. No one orders an orange wine because they just aren't common, and that's because they aren't very good! Apple is even sometimes used in beer, albeit orange is more common for that. Food: oranges are pretty good for food, salads sauces and such, but what about an orange pie? As an American the apple pie is a quintessential food associated with America. That may not sway non Americans, with that I say, what about pork? You don't put an orange in a pigs mouth when you roast it, nope that's an apple. Both can be used in a variety of ways, but pie and pork gives apple the advantage. Diversity: apples have over 7,000 varieties, oranges don't even come close to that. Juice: both make fine juices, but apple has far more variety to create a wide appeal. Apple juice also comes in carbonated form commonly. That's pretty cool. Pop culture: the technology company Apple owes most of it's success because of the apple, spwcifically McIntosh apples. If macs were called "Navels" or "Valencia" instead would Apple have been so successful? Not a chance orange fans, sorry to burst your bubble. Also Forrest Gump's infamous line, "life is like a crate of apples..." Would never work with oranges due to lack of variety. Lastly, there's no Johnny Orangeseed, check and mate. Love to hear orange fans change my mind though, let's see it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!