While I would never expect or follow through with the destruction of the human race, I believe it to be the simplest way of dealing with our problems. I believe that we will never be satisfied with what we have, there will never be equality for all, we'll continue to destroy the environment and in the end, we will all die a much worse death trying to live happily than one that would come form purposefully erasing our existence. Looking at it from another perspective, it's like eradicating the parts of DNA needed to make tonsils so that humans never again deal with tonsillitis. In that analogy, the human body would be the Earth and tonsils would be the people. Tonsillitis would be the possibility of people doing bad things and removing the DNA would be what we do to get rid of humans. I just think that, not taking feelings into account and going with the quickest and simplest option, remove the problems from the root is ideal. Once again, this does not take into account feelings of people as obviously most of us don't want to die, regardless if it would be better for the planet. Of course, erasing humans from the planet is much simpler than you'd expect. It also doesn't have to be prolonged or painful as would be our deaths from a polluted world and from wars. I am sure that within 50 years, a group could easily genetically engineer a strain of virus to get the job done. Mass production of asbestos and coordinated release all over the world could work too. What I'm saying is that it's pretty easy and could be done quickly. Nothing more, nothing less. Now, this is all assuming a few things: - That if humanity continues, we will eventually cease to exist against our will. - That humanity will never have true equality. - That war will always continue in some form. - That we will continue pollutingdegrading the Earth as long as we exist. If each human somehow became the "God" of their own universe (though I have no idea how that would come about) then I believe there would be no problem with each individual existence, as controlling your own universe means that no matter what you do you are in the right. Of course, that is all BSfiction and we live just like all the animals on the Earth, aside from being special in our own little ways. I don't think we as a whole can ever fully agree on anything, and that our disagreements will always cause us problems. Once again, I believe the destruction of the entire human population to be our best solution. As an aside, some other animal may eventually evolve to be intelligent in the manner we are, so the possibility of simply destroying all life to forever end suffering of any kind on this planet is considered. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!