So, I hope this CMV is not to specific for this sub, but I dont see this discussion working in the main LoL subreddits without getting downvoted into oblivion. The current structure of League of Legends is that there are Leagues in the 5 major regions (EU, NA, KR, CN, Taiwan) and they meet two to three times a year for some international competition. The international competiton usually consists of a third-party tournament, the IEM World Championship, and two Riot organised events, the Mid Season Invitational and the Riot World Championship (the "real" worlds). Of these three only the Riot Worlds is the only really big tournament, with 16 teams and a good playoffs and group stage format. MSI features only the best team of each region and the IEM World Championship uses Bo1 groups into Bo3 in the first playoff bracket, which is often criticised as too random for the title. The league structure in all major regions is usually divided into a spring and a summer league with a regular season of 18-40 games or so, followed by playoffs to see determine who the best teams in the region are. In the other major eSport titles (Dota, SC2, CSGO) you have way more tournaments in general way more international competition in general more important games, as you have more playoff situation This all leads to my opinion that LoL eSports has the most boring circuit, as the majority of the matches that are being played are low impact matches in the regular season and only in domestic competition. Edit: I would appreciate if you help me understand some of the arguments that you apparently think brushed aside. All I see is that you downvoted me, without really understanding why. I would really appreciate if you be patient with me and make me understand what excactly I am missing that should change my view. Edit2 Thanks to everyone who was patient with me and argued even if I didnt seem to get your point. I have some more stuff to think and while my view wasnt really changed I got some stuff to think about. Maybe I will come back in the near future with some of the core issues I see now clearer which are the basis for my view. Good Night everybody! Edit3 Since this is over eSport lets make some shameless plug: There are atm tournaments going on: This is the faceit final at Dreamhack Valencia with CS:GO, where some of the best team battle for a prizepool of 150,000 This is the Dreamhack Valencia tournament for SC2 with a prizepool of 25.000 And while I dont have a link ready atm, there is also the IEM Shenzen in SC2 going on with some of the greatest players from Korea, also competing for a prizepool of 25.000. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!