I've recently subscribed to ranime, and as a long time anime watcher and considering myself to have the appropriate amount of good taste, I feel that Sword Art Online is massively misrepresented as mediocre among fellow fans and otakus. Currently ranked [459 on MAL] , this show scores an average rating of only 8 out of 10 nerd points. I believe this is due primarily to hater votes. It should be in the top 50, if not top 25, anime of all time. In fairness to the haters, the ALO arcs sort of ruined it with the whole sister romance harem thing. Japanese people are weird, but they sure know how to milk a hit show. For that reason, SAO II is not considered here; just vanilla SAO please! Some Background I am a 30-year old male product writer for the web, and I am not what most would consider an otaku or weeabo. (I prefer Korean culture, if we're comparing asking, and I don't go to cons, collect or read much Manga, or follow every anime series.) I watch anime recreationally, and consider myself a reasonable self-styled critic. I've recently watched quite a number of shows, being bored at home, and I've watched and rewatched SAO several times and am familiar with it. Why The Show Is Good Characters: The cast is great. Voice acting isn't overdone or underdone, and the characters all feel like people from a real world stuck in a game for a long time together. It also makes sense that they're all there. Plot: The premise is not made of solid gold, but it's interesting enough to lend itself to greatness. If you die in the game, you die for real no quitsies. This has been done before in fiction, of course. However, SAO takes a different treatment of this premise. Normally, you would see horror, like in a show like Gantz, applied, or game aspects, such as in No Game No Life. SAO's goal is rather to show that a virtual world can be real and fulfilling. Its creators accomplish this by focusing not on the MMO aspects, which are limited to flavor, but rather on the interaction between strong characters and the tension of being trapped within this scary world. The story itself lends itself to a rich world, and the writers take advantage of the larger arc to fit in almost a dozen sub-arcs in 24 episodes. The show is very story dense for an anime; normally, a single sub-arc would take 4-6 episodes. These sub-arcs balance developing the world, fighting, and building relationships. The characters build on their strengths and flaws and often find themselves in situations partially crafted of their own making. (Example; Asuna is hard on her guild and pushy, and this results in a poor culture within the guild that causes problems as the series develops.) There are no unbelievable moments. In the end, the heroes triumph, but it's not a boring triumph. They often sacrifice during the show and make many mistakes that weigh upon them. At the ending bar scene, you can feel the air of both relief and regret washing over all of the former players. At the symbolic level, SAO is very symbolic of life itself. God puts us on this plant, and we don't get to leave unless we die. So we adapt to it and live in it, the same as in SAO's virtual world. This allegoric story pairs well with the show's many slice-of-life scenes, creating a very vibrant and real-seeming virtual world. Writing: SAO does not waste time or words. No episode is filler, and each main character is multi-dimensional and arrives naturally in the main story arc. Characters do not break character. Villains are villains. Episodes are succinct and excellently paced. This show is so clean that you can eat off of it. Art: The art direction is superb. Each character's outfit is suitable for their personality and status. Motion and combat is more fluid and direct as well as it was in Fate: UBW and other highly regarded similar shows. It was smoother than classic epics like Record of Lodoss War and Gurren Lagann or modern releases like Arslan. Admittedly, it probably had a bigger budget than those shows, but that shouldn't be a detracting factor at all. The only fantasy world anime I would give a higher regard to in art direction is Berserk, but in quality of animation, SAO crushes Berserk. The only complaint you could make in the art department is that the show wasn't stylized enough to differentiate it from other fantasy anime. For instance, the art direction in Kill la Kill was an incredible thematic rush of color with awesome hand-painted backgrounds. I'll grant that point, but can you name a fantasy anime with a better quality of animation offhand? Avoids Most Awful Anime Pitfalls: Fanservice, chibi conversations, people falling off of park benches or turning into paper; these are the marks of an anime breaking the fourth wall and ruining suspension of disbelief for the view. In short, they're signs that an anime doesn't take itself seriously. Almost no anime of any level of notoriety, excluding comedies, uses these generic tactics. Arguments Against Overpowered Main Character The story follows Kirito, a regular guy with some Kendo training and beta test experience in an online game. Kirito earns almost all of his levels solo and is on par with the very best fighters in the game. He starts off with an advantage due to his experience, gets full exp. for the very first boss, and grinds pretty much every day from there on out to stay on top of the curve. He clearly earns his main character slot through a number of trials instead of being handed it by the divine will of the writers, such as in every other anime ever. He is given a unique skill, eventually, which is powerful, but it's relatively balanced because it's difficult to use. His backstory and skillset are reasonable, and given that there must be a "best" among all the players, it makes sense that the show would follow him. Meanwhile, in How to Pick Up Girls in a Dungeon, the main character is literally given a skill that says "become overpowered against things you can't beat." It's shit like that which makes me want to throw my laptop. Dumb Plot Moments In the first or second episode, another beta tester dies in Kirito's arms not because he was defeated, but because he turned down a potion. That guy was obviously a fuckin' idiot, and that scene could have been saved if he had just drank up and laid there. This is a fair criticism. Additionally, the army guild unit that marches in to fight the minotaur boss half dead is also made of retards. However, it's noted in the show that the reason they do this is because the army has been terrorizing its members. However, those deaths serve a purpose within the show and are not overtly distracting. The dumb beta guy's death serves to inspire Kirito to action and turns him into the MC. The dumb army guys are, much like the group that runs into the trap room early in the series, there to set Kirito on the right path and force him into action. In the meantime, how will you excuse characters like Faye Valentine in one of your favorite anime, Cowboy Bebop? She's just there to be a plot instigator with a pair of giant boobs. Almost. Entirely. Fanservice. Many other very good anime have done much much worse with their cast and still rank top 50. Hell, Hajime no Ippo is fan ranked 20 on MAL, and although I won't disagree that the show is awesome, it's just following the formula of a hundred other sports anime shows like Prince of Tennis. OWARI NO SERAPH is even up there, and that show literally only has one redeeming character who isn't in most episodes. Hell, characters are invented out of thin air and people do dumb shit in Game of Thrones every other episode. Are you really going to say that SAO's weak point is a few serviceable plot blunders and side characters that didn't think through some obvious mistakes? You didn't like the ending The ending probably irked a few of people because it was so sudden. However, that's really the magic of the series. It's a virtual world controlled by a nutty, manipulative scientist-god whose purposes are unknown. That's the driving mystery behind every episode. Why are they even there? Why is the NPC planted in the guild as the final boss? Why is the psychologist AI disabled? Without that underlying tension, the series doesn't take shape. The story is about human actors making intense decisions, and the elusive creator adds another layer to the conflict. It makes the story feel bigger than it is and every victory seem hollow. This in turn allows our main characters to keep driving forward. Plus, they've already put in so many boss fights. I thought the defeat of the technically invincible guild leader was an awesome way to end, although it's obviously hedging a sequel. I'm tired of typing, so I won't bore you with more examples. Although I really wish they had done much more with the sequels, I believe the original series ranks among the best-produced, best scripted, cleanest, most heartfelt Anime of all time. I look forward to your spirited replies. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!