I'm going to clarify that by'Trigger Warnings', I'm referring to a tagdisclaimer of some sort that warns the audience of content that could reasonably produce an involuntary negative response (eg discussions of suicide, rape, murder, etc.). The (exaggerated) culture surrounding TWs of the blanket avoidance of those topics and the overzealous labeling of'offensive' content is not only something I do not support, but also not the topic of this CMV. EDIT: Maybe Trigger Warning wasn't the best phrase to use. I'm simply referring to the adding a disclaimer for content which depictsdescribes material in such detail as to recall traumatic memories. TWs and Spoiler Alerts serve the same purpose of alerting the audience to content that they may not be willing to expose themselves at the time - be it a graphic depiction of a corpse or who died in the most recent episode of Game of Thrones (which could very well be the same image). While many support the latter, the former is reviled in some circles. I think the argument for supporting the latter applies to the former: Just as you would like to avoidbe alerted to spoilers until you've gotten to that point in the story (you're'narratively' prepared), it makes sense to alert others of content which may be emotionally distressing so that they can engage with it when they're emotionally prepared. You could say that there's a presumption of eventual engagement with Spoiler Alerts, you wouldn't be worried about them if didn't plan on following the story. With TWs, someone could duck out of all triggering content forever. But that doesn't seem to be reason to denounce TWs as a whole: you're still saving that person and many others (who could be working to overcome those triggers) undue emotional distress. You also could argue with my definition of emotionally distressing content, stating that it very easily leads to a slippery slope ending with everyone having to tag all of their content, but I'm not terribly persuaded by that argument. For one, regardless of a individual communities definitions of spoilers (we all know Snape killed Dumbledore by now, right?), endings and most recent episodes are universally considered spoilers. Similarly, I'm sure that sexual violence and gore can be considered universal triggers. Discovering how broad a community's definition of spoilerstriggers is done by engaging with that community. As for giving TWs being too much of an inconvenience, I think that's more of a matter of getting used to it: you extend that courtesy when discussing spoilers, why not for when you're discussing triggers? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!