EDIT: Title should read: Triggers, in the way they are currently being (mis) used to represent things that cause discomfort or sadness in people, are not a real thing. People who cry'triggered' because something reminds them of a NON EXTREME incident or issue they are struggling with should not be sheltered or given the attention they are seeking. EDIT 2: For some reason I feel that not everybody finished reading my post although theres a tl;dr and a very clear message that my views dont apply to extreme cases like in people who have PTSD yet Im getting all these (actually heartwrenching and very valid arguments) about people with PTSD whom my beef isnt with. EDIT 3: All in all I think my anger towards modern day'trigger happu tumblrinas' has somewhat subsided and Im beginning to understand that we cant scruitinise how everybody feels and that some people are stronger than others like one user said and that the effects of triggers on some people can be deadly. Thank you all!:) In 7th and 8th grade I was a snob. This was probably because I am the youngest of five siblings and was fairly better looking than my classmates (before the acne, bad eyesight and crooked teeth kicked in) among other things. I realised this because of the way my classmates talked about me and treated me and I took the summer of 8th grade to transform into somebody else. I do not recall how exactly I did it but I did. Everybody was surprised, myself included, that the transformation was permanent and genuine. Sadly, I was no longer a bitch but a pushover instead. I was bullied shortly after and had a horrible 8 or so years until I graduated from university. During those 8 or so years, my first love died in a car crash, my parents had a terrible accident leaving my mother unable to walk for a year, of course I picked up smoking, I started to serial-date guys and their treatment to me kept getting progressively worse all while I tried to do well at university because it was getting too expensive for my parents to pay for and getting a job wasn't enough for me to sustain myself. Add to the above a religious struggle between myself, my society and my own mother who didn't talk to me for three months while I lived in the same house as her because of my religious and romantic choices (I was dating a black guy), and you get a fairly broken person. I didn't trust anyone, I was naive, nervous, insecure, a people pleaser, somewhat promiscuous and a smoker. I did things I never thought I'd do and was put in situations I never wanted to be placed in. I was even ashamed of my own psychologist whom I never went back to visit after a couple of sessions because of how fucked up I was. My issues seem trivial but these are just the things that I haven't blocked out. My view does apply to individuals who have gone through everything but EXTREME trauma. My POINT is: How can I, and so many people who have gone through worse, emerge as functional if not even better people than we were because of what we went through by using our own logic and reasoning, the help of others, counselling and other resources, while others simply act as if life is supposed to be somehow tailored for them and that whatever'triggers' them by making them actually have to THINK about what they went through should somehow be erased from their lives? Tl;dr: Shit happens in life and people should wade through the pile of crap and come out as functional human beings via their own logic rather than project their issues unto others and claim that whatever'triggers' them to think about their problems must somehow be banished or banned. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!