The full quote from Steven Weinberg can be found [here] . Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it you would have good people doing good things and evil people doing evil things. But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion. I've seen people use this quote many times. To me, it's inflammatory anti-religious nonsense. I'm interested to see the other perspective. Have I misunderstood his quote? Is there something about human nature that I've misunderstood? First of all, I recognize that religion can cause good people to do bad things. It has done it many times and it will continue to do so. ISIS is the most obvious example right now, but there are countless other examples as well. What I can't understand is the last sentence: But for good people to do evil things, that takes religion. He seems to be saying that only religion can cause good people to do bad things. This seems like total nonsense to me. TONS of things can cause good people to do bad things. For example, soldiers who commit war crimes sometimes do so because they were "just following orders," out of a sense of patriotism, or in order to protect their families. Poverty can make good people do evil things. Drugs can, too. They can temporarily taking away people's sanity, which causes them to do stupid things. Or drug addictions can drive people to such financial desperation that they're willing to do evil things to get their next hit. Let me explain what I understand by "good people" and "evil things." Perhaps I haven't properly understood what Weinberg meant by these words? A "good person" is someone who wouldn't normally do an evil thing without the influence of some outside force. In the case of this quote, the "outside force" is religion. An "evil thing" is anything that society generally sees as extremely bad, such as murder. In order to CMV, please: convince me that religion is the only thing that can cause good people to do evil things. show me that I could've misunderstood Weinberg. show me that my definitions of "good person" or "evil thing" are wrong (in the context of Weinberg's quote, of course). anything else that shows that anything I've said is wrong. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing! Edit: Cleaned the post up a little bit.