Edit: BuzzFeed has a separate "News" section that actually seems better than most mainstream outlets in terms of clickbaitnative advertisement. I suppose if you can perceive and understand "BuzzFeed News" as separate from the rest of BuzzFeed, it's alright. Still not going to use it for my news (or anything really) but definitely see it in a new light. Thanks for the perspective and interesting discussion guys! Buzzfeed is a terrible news organization. They are basically the death of journalism. They focus on vague clickbait headlines for the sole purpose of gather views ultimately to make the most ad money possible. I feel this is clearly a sign of a lack of journalistic integrity. Headlines are meant to inform, not confuse. "Obama said something AMAZING at the state of the union, and you won't believe the reaction!" What is that?! That's not informing me, bringing me valuable information. It's vague, biased, uninformative, and purely designed just to get a click. Buzzfeed also focuses on native advertisement and meaningless lists which makes it dangerous for the uniformed who cannot discern between what is news and what isn't and ultimately lose a valuable skill in determining what is a good source and what is not. They also plagiarize, which immediately makes an institution lose all credibility. I've had this view for a while and mostly kept to myself about it, but last night someone brought the topic up and to my surprise a journalism student actually started to praisedefend BuzzFeed. So I figured I would post the big counter points she made and why they aren't legitimate. 1. BuzzFeed has a large base "BuzzFeed has revolutionized how news organizations attract viewership and the mass consumption of BuzzFeed show it's prowess in journalism. Journalism is about consumption" This is a silly point. Just because a lot of people read BuzzFeed does not mean it is a legitimate news organization. Sure, it's impressive BuzzFeed can attract so many people to their site through social media and clickbait, but so what? The New York Times could slap a big naked lady on their front page and I'm sure it would increase viewership, but I think we can all agree that doesn't make it better news. And I don't believe journalism is about consumptiongetting the most consumption. If the goal is to just get people to readbuy their articles, there is no incentive to generate good news. Everything will just be tabloids. 2. Every news organization is copying BuzzFeed "The Washington Post, CNN, Fox News are all scrambling to adopt BuzzFeed's revolutionary model. They can't keep up with BuzzFeed's dominance. They're copying BuzzFeed because it's so good!" Yea, can't argue there. All these news organizations are copying BuzzFeed. And that hurts journalism. Now all sources are turning to clickbait baloney. BuzzFeed is killing the market because they don't have integrity and are willing to make meaningless posts that are designed to go viral. So now in order to compete, all other news organizations must do the same, which hurts journalism. It is now quite hard to find an unbiased, un-editorialized news source. 3.They do really good pieces "I'll admit 90 of BuzzFeed is stupid, meaningless posts, but they actually do really good pieces. They've started a whole field of'explanatory news' and really tries to educate a reader. Most news organizations just assume you know all the background of a piece, but most don't. So these pieces really help the public understand current event." That's great! They should focus on that then! Just because there are good pieces dotted around the site, doesn't mean it's a good news source. If I see a guy down a steak I'm not going to eat his poop just because there might be some prime rib in there. The New York Times does similar things, where they'll have a 30 page story on something like an avalanche explaining the mountain, back country skiing, the days leading up to it, the backstory to all involved. It's great stuff and they don't have "17 Pizza's that look like Ohio" as the next article cued up. I think it's also bad because it gives BuzzFeed credibility. So they can point to the handful of articles and say they're real news when people call them out for their mass quantities of meaningless malarky. 4.They get people to read the news "Sure, there's a lot of crap, but it gets people reading the news, which traditional media doesn't do. The clickbait gets people reading! You realize it's crap because you're an educated person who goes to a private college, but most people don't. So it doesn't really matter because those people now read the news where they wouldn't have before." It's true. People who didn't read the news do now thanks to BuzzFeed. But shouldn't we focus on giving those people an education, teach them to evaluate news sources, give them the tools to discern bias and editorialization? Why are we bringing news down to the lowest common denominator just so more people read it? If we ruin journalism in the process, does it really matter if more people have access to it? Also, I think it's really dangerous to do so because now those who previously didn't read the news have BuzzFeed as their introduction to newsjournalism. Those people who aren't educated or didn't read the news now are much more susceptible to native advertisement. So now there's possibly a whole host of people who think "This diet pill made these 12 fitness instructors resign because they couldn't compete!" is real news and not just advertisement for a useless sugar pill. 5.It's a new platform, the next evolution "You just don't understand this new platform. It's like how print journalism first went on the web. People said the same things you're saying back then but it turned out fine. You just need to realize it's a new age for journalism and you must adapt." Print journalism going on the web was just that. Putting the news on the web. It wasn't changing the what people receive or altering news or putting in ads that look like news. It was just giving a new out for people to access news from. I know social media is big and is a powerful tool, but you can use it without making this clickbait nothings. Tweet out the headline with a link, have a'share on facebook' button on the article, post it to reddit. Use the tools to increase access to information, not to destroy it. I'm sure one day well all have personal holograms and that will be a new platform for news. But a hologram of "3 of the cutest puppies that show black lives matter" still isn't news. That's the major points I head in defense of BuzzFeed. There were a few more but all under those general points and nothing that CMV. I think the real dangerous part of all this is that all those points I just listed are being taught in journalism classes at renowned institutions. BuzzFeed is now the accepted and taught method for delivering the news. I fear this could be the death of journalism. I always thought "BuzzFeed is kinda dumb, but hey, if people like looking at silly lists, who am I to say they can't." But now these silly lists are being hailed as the height of contemporary journalism! It seems were doomed to editorialized, plagiarized, uninformative clickbait for our news from now on. Anyway, just looking for someone to change my view. I actually would like it if someone changed my view because it would be great to go look at silly lists all day. Seems like a good way to kill time but I don't want to support BuzzFeed. So hopefully someone changes my view, but we'll see. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!