"Will robots inherit the earth? Yes, but they will be our children." - Marvin Minsky So firstly, this stems from a view that if humans are ever to survive into the far future (maybe even only a few millennia), it will be by integrating ourselves with technology and shedding our fragile organic bodies. What is the maximum typical lifespan of a sentient organic species? Humans have gone from the invention of writing to the capability to destroy our entire species in just 5,000 years. On a cosmic timescale, that is an instant. Will the Earth still be inhabitable for us in our current states by the time another instant passes? Luckily, we've already started primitively engineering and augmenting ourselves, with genetic modification, prosthetic legs, hearts, ears, etc. The technological advances in just the last 100 years (as well as the damage we've done to our planet) has been incredible - what will the next 5,000 bring? Let's assume for the sake of argument that the nearest sentient species developed on a planet 100 lightyears away. (Just FYI, a quick GoogleWolfram Alpha search tells me the fastest human spacecraft now being designed will go 200kms, which means it would traverse 100ly in 150,000 years.) Let's say that, just by chance, this alien civilization achieved our current level of technology very near to us in time - only 10 million years ago. Do you think it's likely that if they existed today they would have organic bodies? Even an alien species so incredibly close to us on a cosmic timescale is almost unthinkably distant in the context of our lifespans as individuals and as a civilization. And organic life forms are just not well-suited for interstellar travel. Essentially, I think organic life is a means to bootstrap into existence truly immortal technological 'life'. This is true on Earth and on every other planet as well. And just by the nature of cosmic timescales, it's much more likely to come into contact with the next evolutionary stage of an alien species than to be lucky enough to catch it in the minuscule period while it's still fully organic. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!