The constitution of the United States is over 200 years old and it shows its age. Many amendments are written in unusual english by todays standards, making it difficult to tease out meaning. Many other amendments overlap in meaning and could be combined to simplify them while also covering more people. The fact is, it is outdated. I believe it should be revised every 100 years or so because culture and language are organic. They change based on technology, public conscious, and international relations. Should we follow the advice of a group who believed slavery was acceptable? That thought only white, male, property owners shouldcould vote? Can you read through the document and understand what was meant or does much of it come across as confusing to todays readers? The world has changed and I believe we need to change with it in order to be relevant. I also believe our ideas and views from today will experience the same degradation over time. In 100 years will the world still care about gun rights? Will the population still speak mostly english or will we add more spanish to our vocabulary? Will words like gay hold the same meaning as it does now or will it return to the usage it once had? We cannot know. We should not force our ideas through time, expecially when future generations will have the same issues understanding us as we do understanding the founding fathers. What I can't understand is why we are clinging to the past, to a group who would likely be viewed as backward racists today. We should take what we believe now and govern by those beliefs. We should update, revise, and examine our core ideas from time to time to at least make sure we still understand what they are. I am not talking about simply throwing the constitution out either. I am saying we should interpret it for today, update it, and use our revised version instead. Then both can be looked at by the next generation and adjusted as needed. It should update and change with the citizenry and the times while still being the timeless core of our laws. It would take a lot of work, a lot would change, but I believe we would be better for it. CMV Edit Many responses seem to think I am saying scrap the whole thing and start over. No, I am saying we need an updated, reworded one that uses the meanings as we take them today. All men are equal shoule read all persons, prohibition and its repeal should just be removed, the 15th and 19th should be combined and all inclusive with restrictions put in after the fact. Those are examples of what I mean but not the whole of it. To CMV you need to show me that having an old, poorly worded document is better than a revision of it in modern terms. It would be hard to do but it would be better for the nation and easier to work with than if we left it be. CMV (also, deltas incoming for added info on the topic. Hard to delta from a phone) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!