As the title says, I can't find any valid reasons to not wearing a helmet while riding a bicycle. Here are a few of the many to wear one: They reduce the extent of any injuries caused by a bike accident Bike helmets are proven to make any injuries obtained greatly decreased. The effectiveness of helmets are found to be 85-88 in preventing serious injury. About 70-80 of accidents involve some damage to the head. It is estimated that if children ages 5-15 were forced to wear a helmet, 39,000 to 45,000 head injuries would be avoided, along with 18,000-55,000 face and scalp injuries. I could go on and on with these, but I don't have that much time. If you want more proof, just google "bike helmet facts." I've also listed my sources below. Sources: (NSFW, for some reason there is a picture of a man and woman riding naked. Still good stuff on this page, though) Helmets do not interfere with riding the bike. Helmets, if they are the correct size, do not get in the way while riding the bike. The only thing they can do is possibly disturb the airflow, but special aerodynamic helmets are made for this, if that is that big of a deal to a person. Common Counterarguments: It messes up my hair!It is uncomfortable!It makes me look like a dork! I always hear this, but, you know what, none of these are that big of a deal! I would much rather endure a little discomfort than get a possibly permanent injury to my head. But I haven't fallen off my bike in, like, years! This one. I hate when people say this. Just because you haven't gotten in a crash in a while does not mean that you are exempt from ever crashing again. This is especially true when travelling on a main road when other cars are a factor. They're so expensive!! No, just no. An average bike helmet will cost about 10 bucks or less. If you can afford a bike, then you can afford a helmet Alright, that's it for now. Please CMV! Edit: My view has been changed. Many of you have brought up good points, but I don't have time to individually comment on each of your comments. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!