I'm a guy and I would say I agree with some aspects of the feminist movement, but other aspects I find sillytrivial. I'm currently dating a girl who is a VERY strong feminist. Over the weekend we were playing Mario Kart 64 and for as long as I can remember my go to character for Nintendo games has been Peach. There's really no particular reason I do this other than I seem to do the best with Peach. When I won the grand prix my girlfriend said "Ugh, I hate Peach, she's such a weak and stereotypical female video game character." To which I jokingly replied "Wow, that's a SUPER sexist thing to say, and she's obviously not that weak since I crushed you with her." And her response to that was "Peach negatively reinforces the idea that women are weak and can only be saved by men in power like Mario." Then I made the mistake of saying "Well I don't think that's true." We ended up getting into an argument over the portrayal of females in video games and how that perpetuates stereotypes in the real world. Her main argument was that most females in video games are portrayed as weak and need help from the male characters and this is detrimental to women in real life. There were two issues I had with her argument, the first one being that there are a TON of badass female characters in video games who don't need no man: Samus, Rosalina, ZeldaSheik, Palutena, Bayonetta, Lara Croft, Ellie from the last of us, and GLaDOS (just to get a female villain in there). She shrugged this off by saying it's still not enough because male protagonist characters outnumber female characters in video games. I feel like she wouldn't be happy unless the numbers of male and female characters are exactly equal. The second, and main issue I had with her argument is even if all female characters were represented as weak and helpless, I sincerely doubt there is any correlation between these characters and real world issues for women. For me video games are make believe, fiction, and stories. They're imaginary worlds with imaginary characters. Saying the portrayal of women in video games perpetuates real societal problems for women (like pay inequality) is about as absurd to me as saying violence in video games perpetuates violence in real life, which from what I can tell [has been thoroughly debunked] . Most reasonable people realize that women don't wear bright pink dresses, pick vegetables with faces out of the ground, and get kidnapped from a giant turtledinosaur hybrid. I provided my argument, and also said if Mario's and Peach's roles were reversed I could seriously not care less, as long as the game was still fun. Her response was "You won't ever understand because you're a guy." I tried to continue on the debate but was met with the same response every time: "You won't ever understand because you're a guy." So here I am trying to change my view, while I may not agree with the feminist issue of women in video games, I feel like I'm more empathetic than what my girlfriend is giving me credit for. Have there been studies done about the portrayal of women in video gamesstories and their effects on society? Is there any hard evidence for this correlation? EDIT: Yes, I get it, some people's feelings are hurt that Princess Peach is portrayed the way she is, and while making people upset IS a negative effect, this is not what I'm looking for. I'm looking for more of an impact than "It's bad cause ma feelings are hurt" Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!