First of all, the law I'm referring to isn't the law of any particular country, just laws in general. Imagine sitting on the bus when an elderly woman comes in. The rules don't tell you to give up your seat for her, but you do. This short scenario illustrates that rules and morals are two different things. However, I see more and more people defending actions saying it was "legal," and therefore it should be alright. The death of Cecil the lion is an (extreme) example: the man who shot him defended himself by declaring that what he did was legal. As the global outrage over his actions showed us, it was however completely immoral. Another example: bankers. I read in a book that bankers that are considered "professional" disregard their own morals as much as possible and instead try to do as much as is legally possible. Immoral bankers and brokers are a core part of why the 2008 crisis was able to happen. I think this illustrates what happens when people use the law as "moral compass": immoral behavior. Secondly, I think this is caused by the fact that our law is not our morals themselves but rather these morals applied into (simplified) rules. Thirdly, I think it's impossible to enforce socially appropriate behavior like giving up your bus seat. This follows from my second viewpoint: because rules are simplified results of our morals, they can never cover every aspect of our lives, therefore leaving gaps for bus travellers and dentists and bankers to exploit. I think it's up to us to be aware of this and never use the law as a moral compass. Please, change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!