Just to get this out of the way first, I'm not debating what the current law is, or if people should obey the law. I'm talking about what should be the case. Here's my logic: 1. Roads exist for the purpose of people getting around, not specifically for cars. The whole idea of "jaywalking" was a PR campaign put on by auto-makers. [Here's an article] that explains a bit about the PR campaign towards "roads are for cars." 2. People in cities (myself included), use a bicycle as their primary commuter vehicle and means to get around the city. 3. Safety: Sometimes road conditions aren't safe for cyclists. If a car hits a bike, things are generally much much worse for the bike, so cyclists need the ability to ride safely. If there's a pothole, they need to be able to swerve, or to stop in a place where they have visibility, etc. EDIT: removing this. Multiple people have pointed out that it is legal to carefully avoid hazards in the road, so this isn't really relevant and is distracting from my main point, which is 4 4. Convenience is critical. Coming to a full stop at a stop sign, staying behind a stopped car (e.g. not lane splitting), and not being able to ride through crosswalks seriously impede the flow of bicycle traffic and make it take longer to get anywhere. The only reason we can ever justify driving 60 mph on a highway is for speed and convenience, and it matters just as much for cyclists as it does for drivers. In fact, for cyclists, at least they are only likely to kill themselves in an accident, where highway speed vehicles can take out other people. 5. More people biking is better for public health and the environment, and therefore should be encouraged, and following every car law discourages this 6. This is the weakest of all of the arguments, but people already aren't following some of these laws, because they deem the laws to be overly harsh. Having a set of laws more tailored for bicycles, or just granting certain exceptions to them, might encourage people to follow some of the laws that are really important, like passing on the left when a car may be turning right. I realize this is a bit of a cop-out, but I'm not specifying exactly what I think the laws should be, or how they should be applied. But it is my view that current road laws for cars should not apply to bicycles. I'm limiting this view to cities because it's the environment I'm most familiar with, and because cars are generally traveling faster and are less likely to expect bicycles outside the city. Also, transportation by bicycle may be less realistic when people have to travel further distances. EDIT: clarifications: The numbered points above are points of logic, they aren't each meant to individually address the CMV I'm not saying bicycles should have absolutely no rules laws at all, just that they shouldn't have to follow rules created for cars There's a trade-off between safety and speed (or convenience) in every form of transportation. Driving at highway speeds is insanely deadly and dangerous, but we tolerate it because it lets us travel further, faster. I'm just trying to apply a bit of that same logic to bicycles, allowing them to get ahead of traffic, not fully stop at stop signs, etc. Sure it's a bit less safe, but still potentially safer than commuting via car (not sure, would be interesting to look up some numbers on this). EDIT: more clarifications: I realize that existing laws provide good safety for bicycles (which is why I crossed out 3 above). I think the laws are too safe compared to the level of safety we expect from driving a car. People are accusing me of soap boxing because their repetitive arguments aren't convincing me. OK. I might be wrong, but I think that the laws aren't good. Try to convince me they are. Or don't. Your time is your own. I don't think I've been dismissive of anyones view or arguments, if you think I have, please point an example, because I don't want to come across this way. Since people keep repeating arguments, I want to address the top 3 here: 1. "you're on our road, follow our rules." This is a non-argument. Yes, I understand the current laws. There is nothing holy about them, as in my jaywalking example above, they have changed before. As the use of roads is shifting again (towards more bicycles, for example), so should the laws. 2. "The laws are for your own safety" This is addressed above. I think they are too safe. It would be safer to never drive more than 20mph, but we don't do that 3. "You should be predictable to other drivers." This is actually a good argument, but I think if there were some consistent set of rules for cyclists to follow and drivers were educated about those rules, we could achieve a good level of safety and a good compromise with speed and convince. EDIT: my view was (mostly) changed. [Here's the full comment] . Basically I was thinking about competent and aware cyclists who are commuting daily in a city, but I failed to consider the thousands of tourists and new cyclists and people who just don't know what they're doing. Requiring everyone to follow existing laws saves those people