To get this out of the way early: This is not going to be a PCMR circlejerk. An unnecessary reminder: this subreddit is for reasoned persuasion, not mutual masturbation. I'm talking strictly about advantages in professional, competitive, skill-based, PvP shooters given by playing at a lower resolution, taller aspect ratio (4:3 vs 16:9), or narrower FOV (excepting personal tolerance for distortion). [This is the photo that prompted my question.] There is absolutely NO WAY that playing at 1024x768 (and unless that's a 1440p monitor, I think it's reasonable to suspect it's actually 800x600) gives him ANY advantage, and is instead a handicap, but it's not uncommon for professionals to play this way (I'm thinking in particular of the CS:GO CS:S scene). Points of confusion: With upscaling disabled, the pixels are the same size as they would be if he were playing at native resolution, so there's no'zoom' offered. Lower resolution means, definitively, less rendering precision. If an enemy's head is visible over an edge at distance, it may not take up enough of the player's FOV to be rendered (possibly an unlikely example). Also, the player is less able to aim in small increments. These are non-issues issue at 1080p resolutions. UI elements (note especially the map and kill feed in the linked photo) are measured in pixels, and so obscure a HUGE percentage of available vision. This is greatly reduced by having more pixels on the screen. Horizontal FOV (at a given level of distortion) suffers because of the narrower 4:3 aspect ratio. Limited peripheral vision is an obvious disadvantage that's very simply fixed with a widescreen 16:916:10 aspect ratio. Warrants (I believe that's the appropriate term) Assumptions: (Read: "These arguments are either completely ineffective "against" me or irrelevant to a sponsored professional. No hardware limitations (GPU inadequacy, etc). A competitor wants every advantage available to them, especially the legalfair ones. A professional recognizes that'their way' might not be the best way, and would readily change for the sake of improvement. Access to more information is always better. Greater precision is always better. So, why would anyone play at 800x600 or 1024x768? "Because they're used to it" seems to be the most common answer, but I feel like that's nothing but lazy and backwards. (Please forgive any formatting mistakes; I'm on mobile. I'll correct them as soon as I get back to a desktop.)