Whenever an issue relating to free speech arises it is almost guaranteed one of the responses will be "free speech means the state can't control what you say. It doesn't mean freedom from consequences from everyone else." If it's on the internet it is equally likely that this [xkcd] will be shown. This does seem at first to be a reasonable point of view. However, I believe it is flawed for several related reasons. The first reason is that underestimates the power of the public. Just because the state is not infringing your right does not mean others cannot. With other rights this is accepted as part of the system. For instance, if a company refused to serve or allow access to black people that would be considered a violation of their rights despite it not being the government. In the same way, you couldn't claim a country has gender equality if women can't be get a job, despite there being no law against hiring women. Unless freedom of speech can be distinguished from those other rights, which I believe it cannot, there can be no distinction between private agents and the state in terms of freedom of speech. Secondly, the right to free speech includes the right to unimpeded free speech, if that makes sense. It is not enough to be allowed to say what you want, you have to be allowed to communicate to who you want. It makes more tense in terms of letters. Freedom of speech is not fulfilled by allowing me to write letters, it is only fulfilled by allowing their delivery. Using the example from the comic, continually showing someone the door is the same as standing by the pillar box and shredding the letters as I post them. The final reason is that extreme reactions to someone's use of free speech can restrict it by effectively punishing them for exercising their right. If I punched someone for suggesting marmite was a valid option for toast, would I not be restricting their right to free speech? Equally, if I was sacked for making a racist reddit post, am I not being punished for exercising my right to freedom of speech? I'm not entirely convinced on this point because it might restrict someone else's freedom of speech to criticise or their freedom of association to not have to put up with me, but I would still say there is some validity to this point. Just to be clear, I don't think freedom of speech should never be restricted but I do think those restrictions should be acknowledged which the phrase "freedom of speech, not freedom from consequences" does not. Edit: This has been quite an intense discussion. I'm beginning to think there is too much free speech. Seriously though, there has been a lot of good comments and I'll try to respond as quick as I can, although that may be tomorrow for some. I haven't missed the irony of the downvote button being used to disagree on topic about free speech, but I suppose there's always one. I have given out two deltas so far, but they tangential so the bulk of the view remains unchanged as I write this edit. Some people seem to be confused about what I mean by a private entity. I simply mean someone who isn't the state or acting as an agent of the state. I never meant to imply that I would start talking shit in your living room. Freedom of speech doesn't make crimes less illegal do to be clear I'm not advocating that in the slightest. Edit 3: Some people seem to be under the impression I want to expand the laws regarding free speech, probably because I'm a neo-Nazi Grand Dragon or something. That's not the case. I think the current situation I more than satisfactory. My view relates to the opinions towards free speech. To sum it up more succinctly, I don't think people can claim to be pro-free speech, when society is more than willing to restrict it. I'm not saying the restrictions are bad, I'm saying people should be more honest about them. A lot of the comments have struggled with what the view is, despite it being repeated multiple times. I'm not interested in acting as reading adviser. If your comment doesn't address the view, I'm not going to bother responding. uVordreller found this bastardised version of the [comic] , and from John Stuart Mill onwards, I agree with the sentiments the creator expresses. If you want to see my argument in comic form, you couldn't get much closer than that. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!