Why I hold this view: 1. America can't ever be considered to be justified in using atomic bombs to end a war. Those bombs were dropped on cities full of innocent civilians, women and children. People with real lives, they were emotional sentient beings; not a statistical number. There had to be some other way than decimating two civilian cities just because we want to end a war quickly. 2. Osama Bin Laden and Al-Qaeda executed a brutal plan to orchestrate the 911 attacks. [According to them, their major motivation was to end the presence of US in gulf countries and other motives as well.] For this purpose they chose to ram airplanes in the WTC Pentagon to achieve maximum civilian casualties and make a frightening spectacle for the US public. The ends justify the means seems to be their reasoning. Was Al-Qaeda Co justified in perpetrating 911? No one would say yes. If we observe the reasoning of US generals behind the nuclear bombing to end World War 2, we can see some parallels. Al-Qaeda and American Generals both used a method of causing mass casualties to drive a point across. They both used lives of innocent civilians as a statistic to further their respective causes. The atomic bombings caused 246,000 casualties (not taking into account the deaths caused later by radiation exposure and cancer. 911 caused 3000 deaths. 3. Civilians VS Army: If you believe that the ends justify the means, then dropping the bomb may seem justified. But then you also agree that civilian casualties are fair game to drive a point across. Army is a different thing. A soldier agrees to the dangers of war and hardship for the protection of their nation. They agree to the fact that they may not return alive from a war. A civilian is a different case, their involvement in a war is very remote. To slaughter innocent civilians just because it will hasten the end of a war seems unjustified. Many people hold the viewpoint that the US bombing was in retaliation of Pearl Harbour. But the Japanese attacked a naval base, they did not bomb a hospital or a school did they? If we agree that the end justify the means then logically we have to say that Al-Qaeda was kind of justified to cause 911 as well. 4. The argument of USA that the bombing saved more lives compared to Operation Downfall, in the long term, is wrong. Because at least the lives of innocent civilians would have been spared. How do we even know the outcome of Operation Downfall? Moreover Japan was nearly close to surrendering anyway as the Secretary Of War, Henry Louis Stimson agreed: "Japan had no allies; its navy was almost destroyed; its islands were under a naval blockade; and its cities were undergoing concentrated air attacks." We erased two cities and its people from history. We dehumanized them, reduced them to a statistic. W[e even censored images and stories of the Japanese victims to push the narrative in our direction] . At least the Government should officially apologize to the nation of Japan.