Recently, Hilary Clinton has been in the news x] , [x] after delivering a speech in which she said that "for a lot of well-meaning, open-minded white people, the sight of a young black man in a hoodie still evokes a twinge of fear." Publications from across the political spectrum tore her a new one for this comment in perceived poor taste. The article from the Federalist was spread on tumblr, and eventually popular user katara [reblogged with the full context] of the quote, and people started criticizing the people passing around the articles for taking things out of context not doing their research. (Here's where my opinion comes in.) I think that tumblr's reputation of false alarm and out-of-context sound bites isn't unique to tumblr at all, it's the way popular American media has operated for the last few decades- if not more. [Many] [people] have discussed the "sound-bit culture" that becomes especially popular in presidential election cycles. Given that this is the norm for modern day news, I think politicians have a responsibility to avoid creating problematic soundbites. Specifically, I think Clinton doesn't deserve the sympathy she's getting from [people] who feel as though the media took her quote out of context. Clinton has been a politician for DECADES, she's got more experience than practically anybody- she's gone through 2 successful presidential election campaign as a candidate's spouse and this is her second presidential campaign as a candidate herself. She's been in more controversy over the years than anybody can keep track of. She's got almost unanimous support from the Democratic party, and lord knows she can afford good speechwriters and campaign managers. So why in the hell would she deliver a speech with the sentiment of basically "Black people are scary.... is what a racist would say. Racism is bad." Surely, she knows people are only gonna take the first bit of that clip, and they're gonna run with it. To me, the fact that this "quotable" passed through all the levels of Clinton's campaign team is just an indicator of how little anyone working for Clinton (including herself) really gives a shit. She could wake up tomorrow and say she intends on starting a nuclear war with Iran, and she'd still get the Democratic nomination. Because of that, I think the media has the right (and responsibility) to challenge Clinton. A good candidate is a candidate who's speeches can't be misquotedtaken out of context. We (the American people) are not getting the candidate we want or deserve, because we keep tripping over ourselves to help out Clinton. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!