This CMV has been done in some form before, but from an outside perspective looking in. I am open to having my mind change or at least swayed, but this belief is rather ingrained. My wife and I are both children of Poor Asian immigrants to this country. I will reflect on my mother's story. She had me very young out of wedlock with no support from my biological father while her parents were stuck in our native country. When she came to this country she was on government assistance. With very little support she was able to finish community college, transfer to a four year college majoring in computer science eventually getting a Master's Degree. Her story is not unique to the rest of my relatives or the Asian immigrant community. I don't need to discuss how my wife and I are doing since we have greatly benefited from our parent's generation, their hard work and sacrifice. I hear the arguments regarding systemic discrimination of blacks in this country. I've read Unequal Childhoods by Annette Laureau regarding kids in disadvantaged environments are less likely to succeed than those in middle to upper class upbringings. However I don't completely buy into it. I've seen countless family members and friends go from food stamps to sedans in the burbs, and I attribute that to a culture centered around hard work, sacrifice, and education. As my mom was going through school, we lived in poorer neighborhoods, and I was raised in neighborhoods with Blacks and Hispanics, sure I'll throw out the I had black friends card, I still do. At the time we were on the same level economically, yet culturally we were worlds apart in what was emphasized from a parenting standpoint. As I grew up I met more successful black kids in undergrad, grad school, work, but most of them came up from middle class upbringings. They had no problems acting'white' while I saw my childhood poor black friends get mocked for doing so, therefore I believe its a cultural part of poor black americans which is hindering them from assimilating into middle class america. That is why I don't have compassion for the narrative that is pushed in the media for the poor black or hispanic american unable to rise from poverty. I know this is a strong talking point for the right wing yet I have not read any tangible counter argument to the dispute the Poor Asian immigrant story. If there are books or articles which provides a cogent counter argument please feel free to share. TL:DR - The rationale for why blacks and Hispanics are unsuccessful in the U.S. are bunk because of the success of Asian Immigrants. Edit: This is not to say that there isn't racism in society, especially towards Asians. Colleges definitely try to make it harder for Asians to get admitted despite higher scores, and there is a Bamboo Ceiling in the workplace. However, I don't believe racism is so pervasive in this country that it can hold an entire demographic in poverty against their will, I believe this is attributed to culture. Edit2: I appreciate the dialogue. One point which I'll concede and am swayed from the dialogue is that racism, more specifically the historic racism perpetrated in the U.S. such as Jim Crow and Slavery created the culture which is present in the poor black community, hindering them from rising from poverty. But nothing disputes that this culture is reason, and not the present-day racism that is preventing them from achieving in this country. That is what I have issue against that the media portrays a image of victimization due to current day racism, however, I don't think the type of racism is the cause, maybe past racism, but not the type minorities face today. If no one has a counter argument against the cultural aspect, shouldn't black culture, the one that glamorizes the baller lifestyle, be the focused of policy makers to change rather than focusing their efforts on social restructuring to accomodate the culture? Edit3: At the end of the day, and the dialogue set forth I come away from it with the following: 1) That current poor black culture is a result of systemic discrimination. 2) No one has disputed that culture which I have generally claimed is the REASON for the state of poor black americans. 3) The present day racism and white privilege that exists today is not sufficient enough to either hold a demographic down or lift them up, not as much as the modern day media seem to claim. 4) I want to beef up on some books and articles cited 5) The IQ debate. hmmm I'm just not going to touch that right now.