I'm young, so of course my biggest concern at the moment is the rising national debt, specifically student loans. College is inordinately expensive because loans are so easy to obtain. If I hadn't been able to get a 100k loan, I wouldn't be 100k in debt right now. I would've gone to a state school, and eventually appreciated that fact once I became more emotionally mature. Parents have a hard time letting their kid get a tattoo, but they let you get a HUGE loan on what is right now a big gamble? Please. Now, why is that relevant? Well, the economy IS doing well right now, but who exactly is in charge? A bunch of people who the future economy won't affect in the slightest. Since a large majority of millenials are bogged by debt, we can't afford to properly flourish the economy like we want to. The rich are getting richer, and the poor are getting to be more poor. Someone's going to get fucked. Technology is rapidly advancing, and many of the low-income jobs new grads have been forced to take are about to become obsolete. As there is no general income implemented yet, a LOT of people are about to be broke. The only really essential jobs will be things automation can't accomplish, e.g. unpredictable jobs. Almost any job in existence will likely eventually be run by a machine, I can't think of one that can't, there are factories in Japan that do maintenance on themselves. As an American, I don't know much about other nations, as school taught me exactly jack shit about them, but I have to wonder if they're in a similar boat. The model on which our economy is built rapidly becomes more out of date every minute. Eventually we WILL have to make changes, and I doubt those in power at the time will have the competence or open mindedness to do so. Of course, none of this mindset was helped by [this book] . Please, PLEASE someone change my view. I really don't want to live in this country if I'm destined to end up homeless after defaulting on my loans. Any ideas? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!