I'll start off by saying I'm a vegetarian and I also try to limit the eggs and dairy I eat, I try to buy no leather and no other animal byproducts. When there are leftovers from dinners with guests, etc. I'll eat that (throwing meat away is definitely worse than eating it). I try to do as much as I can for the environment and animals, I have very little money so I do not donate to animal rights organizations but I certainly would if I could. I'm trying to be as reasonable as possible on the subject, I try not to see individuals as evil'cause they think it's normal to torture animals, I understand it's a cultural thing although I loathe humanity in general. I also think the hypothetical contribution of even a billion of the strictest vegans imaginable wouldn't change things a bit. As of today I'm making this choice exclusively because it makes me feel good at peace with myself,'cause if I think about the contribution to the environment, I'm sorry but I just can't believe I'm doing anything significant. I'm 100 convinced on what I've done for a year now, and I'll become as "vegan" as possible in the future (I hate this whole "vegan" thing, it should be something natural like being against slavery), I'm NOT looking for an excuse to quit. But I know it'll only benefit my ethics and my self-esteem. I know that for every person like me (and I'm nowhere near good) there are one thousand who don't give a damn. I know that there are TENS OF BILLIONS animals being tortured for food, and unless the world miraculously turns vegan overnight, there's no chance any of this will change. Change my view. On the eating leftovers thing, I also have to add... I've been to a wedding recently and I got vegetarian courses, it was really no hassle for anyone.... but I looked at the courses with fish and meat and I just thought of all the stuff they'd be throwing away that day.... if I ate meat and fish that day it would have made NO difference at all.... maybe it would have been better, saved the cook some work... For me the key point is not BUYING meat rather than not eating it, I get it, and having vegetarian stuff served that day and making things look positive for everyone and having conversations with others about being vegetarian was a positive thing.... but the actual contribution to things? That restaurant probably threw away ten times what I could have eaten. It's depressing. I still recommend that people switch to a vegetarian (or vegan) lifestyle, I think it's a GOOD thing by all means. It's a fantastic feeling, it's healthy, and a million other things. As I said I haven't stopped believing in the lifestyle and I'll never quit. I just believe the actual contribution to the environment and the well being of animals is insignificant, and expecting results is hopeless. I have found a convincing argument and I think that made me change my mind. Although many answers were backed up by very uplifting data, I couldn't justify changing my mind since I couldn't help but believe things are changing way too slowly, and that the damage might still be irreparable in the long run. Eventually - not soon, but maybe in a generation or two - I would not be surprised if the majority of people on the liberal side of the fence started to shun meat-eating, as has happened with social issues in recent years. And at that point, changes will be sweeping and sudden. I have never thought about critical mass. I still believe the situation is a lot more complex than just the West, but even believing that one day a relatively sudden change could happen like it did with LGBT rights based on public opinion reaching critical mass makes me believe there's something to look for behind the hard numbers. Another great argument with links In short, the reality is: It adds up. [Does Veganism Make a Difference?] [Expected Utility, Contributory Causation, and Vegetarianism] Both of these essays approach your question in a statistics-based manner that focuses on thresholds. They propose that your effect on meat production is a measurable probability. In other words, they ask questions like, "What are the odds that your purchase of, say, a frozen turkey will be the one that causes your grocery store to order another entire shipment of frozen turkeys? And that that shipment causes the food distributor to order more turkeys? And that that shipment causes a farm to slaughter more turkeys?" Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!