So the most popular non-religious argument against beastiality is that such actions are wrong because it is impossible to get any kind of consent. I think it is possible to argue otherwise (for some animals it is very easy to read their emotional state), but I won't argue that because I think the whole idea that consent would be necessary in these situations is completely inconsistent with how animals are treated by the vast majority of our population, including vegetarians. Example 1 (for the vegetarians, but applicable for everyone): Pet ownership. Do we get consent when we take a puppy from his parents? Do we get consent when we neuter them? If you assume that consent is essential in animalhuman relationships, pet ownership itself becomes a kind of slavery or imprisonment. The owner provides food and housing, the pet is imprisoned and provides entertainment to the owner. Any argument you could run about this being justifiable without consent would frighteningly similar to arguments for why slavery in the U.S. was good for many of the slaves. Arguments that they "seem happy," or "they don't run away" are meaningless when you have kidnapped an animal and brought it up to be dependent on you. I'm not saying pet ownership IS slavery; I'm saying that the only way it pet ownership can be justified is if you toss out the idea of needing consent for our interactions with animals. Example 2 (for the carnivores): The vast majority of human beings eat animals. If you are one of this majority, the idea that you would ask an animals consent for anything is laughable. You could argue that unnecessary cruelty is still wrong, but much beastiality clearly involves the pleasuring of the animal, not the torturing of it. And regardless, arguments against cruelty have nothing to do with "consent." So that's my basic argument. Come on reddit, change my view! Edit: Changed zoophillia to beastility since zoophillia does not necessarily involve actual sex with animals. Edit 2: Just to clarify, I think bestiality is both disgusting and morally wrong. I think that cruelty to animals is wrong. This CMV is not "convince me that bestiality is wrong" or "convince me that bestiality hurts animals"; it is "convince me that consent is a relevant concept when applied to animals." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!