I believe that people have a moral obligation to donate money they do not need. Full stop. But the government (specifically that of America) is not in the business of moralizing. The government is established to protect inalienable rights and to allow for fair competition. There are many cases where the government is not doing its job in allowing for fair competition, but I am not speaking about these cases. I'm going to give a few scenarios, and I'd love if someone who disagrees could criticize the conclusions I make. - There are two pizza delivery companies. One of the company owners, Pablo, spent every night for the past 6 months figuring out how to optimize his business. He found better ways to incubate pizzas, better ways to stack pizzas in his pizza-mobile, and also found better ways to pizza his pizza. Because of this, more people are buying his pizzas. In the next year, Pablo earned three times as much as his competitor. Pablo sends his kids to public school, and has the same amount of kids as his competitor; he goes to the doctor when he is ill, and goes the same amount of times as his competitor; he's an American just like his competitor, and benefits from military defense in the same way; why on Earth would Pablo have to spend multiple times as much money on these things than his competitor? I really don't get it, I'm sorry. They utilize the same services in the same exact way, why is Pablo in essence subsidizing his competitor's payments just because Pablo is a smarter, more efficient businessman? - There's a marathon going on in Vermont. Two hundred participants compete for the 1,000 given to first, second, and third place. Each participant puts down 20, which goes toward prize money and ensuring the event is run well. Each winner splits the prize money. At the end of the race, the three winners of first, second, and third place are shocked to find out that they are only taking home 120. The event organizers apparently decided that the winners, despite working harder and simply being better at their craft, and despite equally paying for the organization of the event, should have to pay the other participants for simply existing. I just don't get it. If I drive to work and pass a bridge, I need to pay the toll because bridges cost money. Great. And perhaps I should pay in proportion to how much I drive, that seems like a good idea as well. But if I make a successful website that utilizes none of the services, and in fact very few services at all, is it not plainly theft that a bureaucrat decides where my EARNED money goes? I'd rather donate the money I don't need to the Electronic Frontier Foundation, to environmental causes, to the cure for cancer, but the government seems to be stealing it from me so they can play live-action Battlefield 5: Real Life Edition. Someone please explain what I am missing. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!