Growing up Jewish in Canada, I was taught that Jews are always under threat of extermination - whether by the ancient Egyptians, Greeks, Romans, Persians, and more recently the Nazis. While fear of extermination would indeed be justified in 1930s Europe, fear of extermination by Islamic terrorists continues today even in Canada and the US. I've even heard that ISIS is going to exterminate the Jews, even though ISIS has not killed a single Jewish person to this date. There is a widely-held view in Jewish circles that the UN is inherently anti-Semitic even though the majority of permanent members of the UN Security Council are very pro-Israel. UN troops never interfere with Israeli military operations and one of the first UN resolutions was the establishment of the State of Israel. Still, extremist groups like the JDL (Jewish Defence League) attract support from mainstream Jewish organizations, despite their classification as a terrorist group. The Jewish community seems to think that their politicians at home persecute them as well. I know so many liberal Jews who will vote for a right-wing party just because they scream their unwavering support for Israel the loudest. Currently, every single major candidate running for President of the United States or Prime Minister of Canada has declared their staunch support for Israel; even left-wingers like Bernie Sanders and Canada's frontrunner Tom Mulcair. Meanwhile, white cops are killing black kids at a horrifying rate but the Jewish community is still focused on their own supposed persecution. When the Charleston shooting broke out, my synagogue had one moment of silence then continued with its Israel fundraiser. My theory is that North American Jewish culture has developed an irrational persecution complex due to past persecution ritualistically retold every Hanukkah, Passover, Purim, Yom Ha'Shoah, etc. I realize this may come off as anti-Semetic and indeed my own family has called me a "self-hating Jew," although I think this only reinforces my point. Will someone change my view?