To clarify my title I believe that having an abortion is unjustifiable unless the pregnancy endangers the health of the woman or child, or the child is the product of rape. I understand that this is a touchy topic so I'm sorry if what I'm saying comes off as offensive. That is not my intention. My main reasoning is basically this. Human life is incredibly valuable. It is a guarantor of all other forms of rights, or it at least allows for the possibility of other rights. As such the maximization of life should take precedence to other considerations, such as the right to choose whether or not you want to terminate a pregnancy. 80 or more of all pregnancies in the united states will be successful, and pursuing an abortion just decreases the amount of possible lives. To clarify my point here is a thought experiment. Say you have a 2 year old child and a woman who is pregnant. no one would argue that killing the 2 year old is wrong. No matter how humanely it happens, you are robbing the child of the years of life it could have had. having an abortion in my opinion is just as wrong because the 2 year old and the unborn child have almost the same likelihood to live out a full life and taking that away from either of them would be morally unjustifiable. Also, the woman giving birth wouldn't have to take care of the child. contrary to popular belief, in recent years the number of children being put up for adoption has [steadily been decreasing,] while the time it takes for those who want to adopt a child has steadily been increasing, with some couples waiting up to seven years. As a note my stance here has nothing to do with any sort of spiritual beliefs. Also I'm left leaning on most issues so it has nothing to do with party alliances. please CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!