I'm a lifelong veggie, and I've been vegan for a while in the past although I'm not anymore. I don't believe you can make a rock solid case for being veggie, unless you refer to climate change, and once you look at that I think the case for being vegan is unanswerable, I still have regrets that I'm not vegan, although not major ones, as otherwise I'd not eat pizza quite so much. That said I do think there is also an ethical argument against harming animals who can feel pain and have a capacity to suffer. I certainly think this is the case with most medium to large size mammals like cats, dogs, pigs, chickens, dolphins and whatnot. For that reason I wouldn't eat those animals even if it was sustainable to do so, unless I was sure they had been reared and killed humanely. When it comes to animals who are clearly less conscious I don't feel the same way. I don't have any qualms about swatting flies, and I also recognise the need for pest control. I wouldn't have any problem with lethal rat traps being used in a restaurant (although obviously that should go hand in hand with taking measures to discourage them being in the kitchen in the first place like not leaving food out overnight). I don't know if fish can experience pain or not. I don't know if they can suffer like other higher mammals can. As I don't know for sure, I'm reluctant to join in with the fishing that'll take place when we go and stay with my partners family at a cottage near a river which allows for excellent fishing. I quite like the idea of fly fishing, I feels it's pretty sustainable (I might be wrong), and also that fish probably don't have the mental capacity to suffer (I might be wrong again). I'd rather avoid doing something I'll learn that I shouldn't have done in 20 years though than take the risk. CMV Convinced by Delta's awarded. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!