With the media covering police killings and the fact that United States Law enforcement kills a relatively large percent of its people every day I believe there should be more repercussions to an officer that kills a citizen. The benefits to having a process like this includes: 1. No hypocrisy. All because someone has the title of a law enforcer doesn't mean that they shouldn't follow the same legal process as a citizen would. I mean, what if an officer showed up to the scene of a shooting (in which the shooter called 911 for help) and the shooter was there with the weapon and openly admitted to killing the victim in self-defense (which upon observation it was blatantly obvious it wad self-defense)? Surely the officer would draw his her weapon at the murderer and scream to get down. They would proceed to cuff them and bring them to the station for booking questioning. If an officer called in for back-up after killing someone (even if was obviously out of self defense) they would be approached with "hey are you okay?" and "Let's get the paperwork out of the way so you can have your paid leave." That to me is hypocritical. Take away the uniform and you have a person who just killed another person. 2. It would make officers think twice before drawing. If they knew they would be processed and charged with murder, I would argue that there would a significant decline in police shootings. 3. It gives the victim a fair chance at their side. Even if they are dead, treating an officer like a criminal discredits any story they come up with giving a better chance for the true series of events to surface. We have seen A LOT of cops make up shit that "justifies" the killing when later proved wrong by cameras. If people could just make up stories and be believed 100, I could go outside right now, shoot someone in the head while no one is looking, plant a knife, claim they came at me with a knife, and get away with 2nd degree murder. Even if an officer witnessed another officer kill a person when it was blatantly self-defense (eg the person had a gun pointed at the officer) they should still be cuffed and taken in. Just apply the same situation to 2 citizens, surely the one who lives would be charged with murder and only the results of an investigation would set them free. I'm just frustrated with all the bull shit I hear about cops and would like to hear the logic of the other side because I feel I'm blinded from it. So CMV. Edit: Okay, too many people are correcting me on minor technicalities which isn't helping. You cannot deny that there is an obvious bias when it comes to determining if an officer killing someone is justified or not, at least compared to a citizen killing another citizen. I just believe that bias should not exist.