Some Definitions Islamism - Political Movements that use Islam to justify either their end goals (ie. a religious state, or "caliphate or the means they use (ie. violence, terrorism). Islam - Religion with 1 billion followers worldwide. Draws doctrine from the Qu'ran (a holy book) and the Hadith (the biography of Prophet Muhammad (pbuh. Sheik - An educated religious leader that are theological scholars, and have power to issue religious opinionsrulings, known as fatwas. My case is this. Fighting Islamic Terrorism through military force DOES NOT WORK. The emergence of ISISISILDaesh is strong evidence that foreign invasions cannot create stability in a country. A key feature of Islamic Terrorism is theological ignorance. Islam only permits violence in certain circumstances, which are fairly well established. This mirrors a general ignorance among Muslims of what Islam is. This is compounded by the fact that Sheiks pass on their knowledge to students via a mentoring process. Lines of Sheiks are dying out due to a lack of willing students, and knowledge is being lost with them. The pull of Islamism on young men may be contributing to this. A greater understanding of Islam is incompatible with Islamism - The Qu'ran is a suprisingly thought-provoking text, even for the secular reader. It constantly promotes critical thinking, and warns against interpreting its verses in a dogmatic way. A study of the life of the Prophet (pbuh), where he only fought as a last resort and was firmly against the killing of non-combatants, is totally at odds with Islamists. The fact that modern Islamist organisations (eg. Al-Quaeda, ISIL) are theologically innovative (rather than trying to get back to 7th Century Islam) is something that Al-Quaeda openly admits and is one of their most obvious flaws to Muslim observers. My solution is that the West, with its traditions of academic study and economic power at the greatest they have ever been, should help educate Muslim countries about their own religion. Education should be at the grass roots level, the theological, and academic levels. I think there is a rather poetic justification in that the Islamic Empire safeguarded many of the texts of Europe and the Greeks at the time Europe was going through its Dark Ages. A similar thing could be argued to be taking place in the Muslim World today. TL;DR - I think it would be more effective, more sustainable, and it would diffuse the antipathy towards Islam in the Western World. It answers a lot of the current political problems in Muslim countries and would help establish Islam as the progressive force I believe it has always been, rather than the regressive and conservative force people fear it to be. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!