Humanity plays an out-sized role in the Federation. Given the numerous races and population of non-humans in the Federation, there's an inexplicable abundance of humans in high positions. It's understandable for the organization to be based out of San Francisco, where the 4 founding races formed the coalition of planets, but with 150 member planets spread over 8,000 light years, why is so much of the leadership human? This isn't a superficial skin-color thing, we're dealing with marked biological differences between the races. Vulcans, despite their violent past, have achieved "superhuman" levels of mastery over their emotions, allowing them to become excellent administrators and politicians, and even if we were to assume that Humans and Vulcans have the same fundamental capacity for intelligence, Vulcan discipline gives them supreme focus to produce an inordinate concentration of highly educated citizens. Even in sheer physical prowess, Vulcans massively outclass Humans, "Take me out to the Holosuite" being an excellent example: Here, the Vulcans are shown to be physically far superior, DOMINATING the mixed-race (human dominant) crew fielded by the Human Captain, in a human sport, with a final score of 10-1. Nevertheless the crew of DS9 celebrate their single point as a victory of human will rather than learning from the experience that Vulcans are superior in so many ways. Vulcans are known for logic, they take great efforts to avoid letting their emotions cloud their judgement. We all know of a prestigious Human starship captain for ignoring the odds in a situation and taking great risks over the protests of his even-keeled Vulcan officer. It's convenient that luck favored the crew so often after these brash and illogical decisions. These apparent "successes" for making the wrong decision only served to stroke this captain's ego and belief that his "gut instincts" are what qualify him to lead. How is this different from a foolish business executive making random decisions and claiming credit for successes, and blaming other factors for failures? The meritorious act is in the decision itself, not in the outcome. To judge the brash decision based on a fortunate outcome is a flawed post hoc reasoning, akin to throwing a dart, sliding a dartboard under it, and claiming an excellent throw! What if even a few of those risks resulted in the likely outcome where many if not all of the crew members were killed because the captain ignored the logical choice in favor of an unsupported gut decision? If there are any flaws to be noted in the Vulcan people as a whole, it would be low birth-rates, a bias towards peace, and a relative lack of ego (despite whatever projections humans perceive in a Vulcan's taciturn face). Perhaps humans have seized so much power as a direct result of greed, ambition, and nepotism, allowing them to promote humans above more qualified non-human members of Starfleet? Nevertheless, it seems clear that Vulcans are superior to humans. (The tone's intentionally a bit tongue and cheek to make this discussion more fun, but the fiction really does seem to over-exalt humans in the Federation)