Greetings! I've long held this belief and constantly fought with more patriotic members of my country (Hungary) over it, as they say it will lead to cultural decay. However, as far as my understanding of History goes, Humanity kept uniting into bigger and bigger groups. I'm not sure whether my order is correct, but it's merely to give an example of what I am seeing. First, families started working together as it was easier to hunt that way Then, they started to form small tribal communities Then, these tribal communities united into alliances and "great tribes" Then, the tribes became petty kingdoms Then, the petty kingdoms were either swallowed by a larger one, or swallowed the smaller ones. Then, the kingdoms they formed kept absorbing the smaller communities that were similar in culture And then there are countries like the United States and Russia, both spanning almost entire continents or more. Likewise, they have the strongest presence as well. The United Kingdom had an equally great presence during its Imperial days, which it more or less managed to retain. I feel Europe could easily raise its economy to the third power if each current country paid its tax to a single, central government that viewed each part of the union equally, at most.... with different strategies, investiture focuses. The main counter arguement I see against an united Europe is cultural decay or incompatibility, but I do not understand how it would get in the way too much. Culture won't disappear just because people answer to a single elected government, neither will it disappear due to people wandering within the borders. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!