I want children one day. Part of me wants to have my own children but I can't justify birthing my own kids when it's such an extremely selfish motive. Sure, once you've had the kids it's selfless because of how much you have to give up for them. But the initial desire to birth them in the first place is selfish. I want my own children because I want to carry on my own genes. I want to have a little human that resembles me. As a woman, I want to experience the feeling of a baby inside of me. These reasons are the main reasons why people choose to birth their own kids. Here's a few reasons why I find it selfish. 1. There are plenty of children out there without parents. Over 150 million orphans, not to mention foster children. Then here are people who are trying to birth their own when there are so many helpless children without a loving home. 2. There are over 800 million people starving in the world. People are dying from hunger and you're trying to bring another mouth that needs feeding into the world. 3. This reason may be a little unexpected but it's something I'm personally afraid of and so I feel it's a valid reason. I'm agnostic. You can believe whatever you want about the afterlife but that doesn't mean you actually know what will happen to us after we die. Whether we go to a heaven, a hell, are reincarnated, cease to exist or whatever else people can come up with. You just can't know for sure and anyone who says differently is lying to themselves. Now that being said, say hell is a reality. I hope it isn't but you never know. What if you birthed these children out of your selfish desire and they did just whatever it took to have themselves sent to hell forever. Even if you did pick the "right" religion doesn't mean that your child is going to believe it. Honestly, I would love for someone to change my mind. My ex and I broke up over this because I want to adopt children and he wants biological children. I just can't morally justify purposely bringing children in the world. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!