So, I'm confused about this whole, "appropriation of white supremacy" and "reverse racism" not existing thing. From what I understand: ethnic minorities cannot discriminate because of their skin color andor nationality. Meaning, minoritiespersons of colorforeign nationals cannot be racist because they do not benefit from their discrimination. Whereas the majority are inherently racist because they are privy to a system, be it political or societal, that favors their ethnicity. I don't understand how definitively discriminatory actions cannot be considered racist, because of the characteristics of a person. Do the characteristics of a person determine whether or not the actions discriminate? Or are the actions of the subject what determines if it itself is discrimination? This topic aroused from a post in rnottheonion LINK] and the subject of the article says: I, an ethnic minority woman, cannot be racist or sexist towards white men, because racism and sexism describe structures of privilege based on race and gender. Therefore, women of colour and minority genders cannot be racist or sexist, since we do not stand to benefit from such a system. -Bahar Mustafa Do you guysgals have any insight on the matter? (Originally posted on rexplainlikeimfive, and then rAskReddit, but after much advising from a couple moderators I have moved the topic here) Edit: Sorry for the slow progress and replies, I have been tending to my family after coming home from work. Firstly, I truly appreciate the participation in this discussion. I'm going to be going through and handing out the deltas for those that changed my view. While some of you may have written some very clear and detailed points agreeing with my stance, the deltas are for changes of POV only. Edit2: I don't understand all the downvotes to this topic. Disagreeing with each other doesn't justify down-voting the topic at hand. To quote this subreddit's policy, "Please try not to use downvote buttons (except on trolls or rule-breaking posts, which you should really report instead). When you disagree with a claim, try to refute it! When you find a new post you disagree with, remember that the poster is inviting debate, so consider upvoting it to make it more likely that people who agree with you will join you in revealing the post's faults." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!