Edit: I think I may have overestimated the problem, due in part to my sources, and in part to my zealousness. Many comments so far have pointed out that even if all of this were true, it would not constitute a police state. I'm willing to give quite a bit of ground on that phrase, as I likely used it without thinking it through. Edit 2: I'm sorry some people think I'm a shill. I'm just a concerned guy trying to help. First Amendment Cops can tell you what to say, taze you for arguing with them, arrest journalists, and arrest you for filming them. They can break up peaceful protests by force. They bring assault weapons to memorial services and gay rights marches and anti-war demonstrations. [Here] are some stories about arrests of journalists. Second Amendment Most states don't seem to have tried to take your guns away, but that won't stop them from arming the police with military weapons. If the police attack you, where can you go for help? Why are the (civilian) police forces authorized to carry weapons which are illegal in the states they police? Do police really get into gunfights with heavily armed drug dealers and save the lives of crowds of law abiding citizens, like something out of a 1980's cop thriller? [Here] is the wiki about police militarization. Fourth Amendment Cops can seize your property without cause or warrant (civil forfeiture), and search your car, phone, or house without cause or warrant. Don't believe me? Look it up. Multiple recent court decisions defend an officer's wish to do whatever he wants with your things. [Here] is an article about the most recent supreme court decision on searches. [This] is just a google page, but how many of these wrong house, no knock searches are too many? [Here] is the wiki about civil forfeiture. It appears the court has ruled that police -do- need a warrant to search your cell phone. Fifth Amendment Cops can arrest you on the spot for literally anything they see fit, and you will be held -at least- until your bail hearing, and you will be lucky if you can afford your bail. Also, they can compel you through whatever means they see fit (lying, threatening, depriving of basic needs, torture) to bear testimony against yourself, even if you are innocent (any testimony given under duress is admissible to the court, and usually leads to conviction regardless of proof-of-guilt). Also, they fund their own departments by issuing citations and stealing property (seriously, if you haven't looked up civil forfeiture, do it now). [Here] is a good video where a Virginia Beach officer explains criminal'interviews.' If you have time to really watch this, please listen to what he says, and how he says it. His job is to look for wrongdoing, and he freely admits that if he wants to pull someone over, he can follow them until they do something he can pull them over for. [This] is where he starts to describe interrogation specifically. Sixth Amendment You can be kept in jail for years before you are brought before a judge, and can expect no help or information from the prison guards. Guards are there to keep people in, not to save lives. Numerous cases are rising to the public view regarding prison conditions, and maybe we should start throwing the'cruel and unusual' term around. Either way, in 2011, about 3 people died in American jails -every day- with countless others tortured or left off the books (think Chicago's interrogation fiasco this year, or Guantanamo). [Here] is an article about Chicago's secret prison. [Here] is an article about police killings. Note the fact that they aren't even tracked very carefully. [Here] is an article about deaths in prisons. Again, information is out of date, and possibly inaccurate. Eighth Amendment Some Judges set reasonable bail, others do not. Some of the Judges caught setting unreasonable bail are called out, or disciplined, most are not. Chances are very good you will not be able to afford bail if you go inside. Think about that next time you're tempted to flip off a police officer. I'm having a hard time finding specifics about the time between an arrest and a bail hearing, but pages I visit says it varies state by state, with multiple lawyers giving anecdotes of people waiting up to a year in jail before being -acquitted- because they couldn't make bail. Personally, I have known more than one person to spend months in jail after being unable to afford bail. Whether or not someone is found guilty, shouldn't this be viewed as a violation of our right to a speedy trial? Not sure about that one. [Here] are some statistics on drug bail. [Here] is a document full of prison statistics, most relevantly, bail rates. Bottom line: You don't have rights anymore. Each of the constitutional rights we have were set forth by Americans to protect their families from overzealous government officials. These rights are not there to protect you from your neighbors. They aren't there to protect you from your employer. They were written specifically to protect you from the Government, and they have failed. Remember your history, read the constitution. Every one of the rights Americans hold dear is being violated by police, judges, and politicians every day. Every Day. EVERY DAY. Every bullshit arrest, every bullshit sentence, every bullshit traffic stop, every bullshit roadside search. If you try to exercise your right to free speech, you can be stopped for it. If you argue with the officer, he will pull you out of the car for an arrest and search without warrant. If you resist him in any way, or if you can't hear him, or if you step on the brake pedal by mistake, or if you just don't fall on your face quickly enough, he will shoot you. Those are the facts. Every year, another generation of high-school students reads 1984, by Orwell. They tell us what to buy, and at what price (medicine, insurance). They tell us our wars are moral, or economically sound. They tell us who to love (media, soldiers,'heros. They tell us who to hate (war, media, socialists, WBC). We are in a constant state of war on at least one front (Germany, Vietnam, Korea, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Egypt, Russia, Mexico, and God only knows where else). They lie to us, and suppress anyone looking for the truth (media, arrest of journalists, denying the right to assemble or film officers). They tell us what to believe. They tell us how to behave. They will kill you if you do not fall in line exactly when and how they tell you. It might not look like you live in a police state. After all, you can drive to work, do your job, buy your groceries, and go on vacation. However, if a police officer, a judge, or anyone else has the authority to ignore the Constitution of the United States of America, what else can you call it? Do I need to dare you to piss off a cop? If you know what will happen when you piss off a cop, how can you accept that? Why are police even authorized to use deadly force? You really want them to kill someone for speeding? Well what about stealing your car, can we kill them then? How many lives are saved through the use of deadly force? Is it worth it? Well it isn't worth it to me. I'm going to keep my head down until I can afford to get the Hell out of here. I'd rather Live as a citizen of the World than Die as a citizen of this country. If you think the constitution protects you (at all), think again. They are walking all over your rights, and you aren't going to notice until they arrest you, or kill your children. If they never do, you will live your life among the sheeple, waiting for the law to tell you how to live. I'm sorry if this comes across as somewhat belligerent, but I believe the seriousness of the situation in this country isn't exactly sinking in for the general public. Am I wrong? Is it already getting better? Are citizens safer than they used to be? Is my information wrong or biased? I would love a discussion about what we are doing right, what we are doing wrong, and what we can do next. Edited to link some sources Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!