EDIT: Running off to lecture but I'll be back to check responses in a couple of hours. To copy and paste an abbreviated version my reasoning here: I think one of the larger roadblocks I'm running into in is distinguishing between identity, behavior, and biology. Because of how closely linked they are I was willing to concede non-heterosexuality encompassing orientations pretty much from the beginning. However I'm also stubbornly holding on to the idea that historically, heterosexual behaviors have been encouraged and any orientation that would facilitate them would be selected for. From there, I concluded that heterosexuality and bisexuality would be the two most likely sexualities to be propagated (by some abstracted gene selection process) but didn't understand why the more restrictive option would be selected for over the less restrictive one. The answer seems to be hiding in probabilities so if anyone can expand on that more I'm willing to give deltas. Also, if you have a problem with my reasoning, please leave an explanation with your downvote so I can understand why it's off. I struggle to believe that most human beings are naturally supposed to only be attracted to the opposite sex and are inherently repulsed by same sex characteristics. I think most people identify as straight out of convenience and having never needed to question what was assumed for them. I'm not denying that heterosexuality is a legitimate orientation but I have not found convincing evidence against, for example, the possibility that most humans could be predisposed to bisexuality and simply develop a preference of one or none from there. The only arguments I've read for heterosexuality being default is the biological urge to have children, which I believe is neither universal nor exclusive to heterosexuality and the (imo fallacious) "most people are straight so there must be a biological mechanism that supports this phenomenon" path of reasoning. I'm willing to give a delta to any argument that can demonstrate why heterosexuality might be more advantageous or likely than bisexuality. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!