I think it is the opinion of many people on the internet, and of reddit in particular that the companies trying to fight piracy should "Deal with it" that they need to realize that the internet is the future and trying to fight piracy is impossible (or prohibitively expensive) in a free web. A little bit about myself, and my habits I am 20 years old, a liberal raised on the internet and currently in school studying film. I have torrented rarely for probably 5 years, but I would consider myself on the bottom end of piracy. I subscribe to Netflix, Amazon prime and Spotify, and usually buy my games on steam. Because of these services I never pirate music or games ever, and I usually do not pirate Television or Movies either. As an aspiring filmmaker myself, it feels hypocritical to steal someone else's hard work, and so if at all possible I do not do that. I am more than willing to pay 3-5 dollars to rent a movie I want to watch. But this is not the internet we live in. While some movies are available on youtube, itunes and amazon instant for rental, many are either only available to buy or not available at all. On top of that, these services tend to have a charge to rent the "HD" version of the film, a practice I believe to be archaic and stupid in an age where everyone has HD monitors andor TVs. In my mind, if there were a service that made a huge selection of films available for a one-time viewing for 5 easily and at full quality with options for downloading if need be I personally would never pirate films or TV. However, this may not represent the consumer base as a whole and may not be enough to save the companies afraid of the internet. (WARNING: I AM GOING OFF WHAT I HAVE READ IN THIS SECTION I DO NOT HAVE SOURCES FOR MY CLAIMS YET) While Spotify does seem mitigate piracy, it also does not give much money to artists as a rule. But, at the same time, most artists make their money from touring and not from album sales, as the record label would end up taking most of the money from itunesCD sales anyways. So part of me thinks that in this open age that perhaps it is the companies that should fail, if they cannot accept the internet's existence, freeing the artists to receive more money for sales directly from services such as Spotify and iTunes. The same applies to movies, television (which Netflix has helped a lot, I think) and games (I don't know many people who pirate games, since they are readily available on Steam and GOG.com as a rule) as well. TL;DR I think the companies fighting piracy should give up and try to mitigate it instead adapt rather than fight. What do you think? Change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!