I'd like to preface this by saying that parts of my post may sound like they're bragging, but they're not trying to come across that way. Also, I'm using a throwaway because I would not like my age to be associated with my main account. This is going to come across rant-like but I am very open to having my view changed. sorry for the wall of text Hey, I'd just like to get this out of the way first, I'm technically "gifted" and I'm 13 years old (turning 14 in February). No, I'm not the type of kid to be "I'm 12 years old but I'm really mature!!11," I can be immature and most of time - at least at school - I do act immature. Also, when I say "technically gifted" I mean that I'm assigned a letter, which is P. Category P, at least in British Columbia where I live, stands for gifted. Also, I will be focusing on Canada throughout this post as it's where I live, specifically British Columbia but I'm sure the US and most other Canadian provinces are quite a bit like this. I was designated as gifted about 2 months ago although I had originally been tested in Grade 2 (Grade 7, going to 8 now) but they didn't give me the designation although they gave me high scores. I was tested again in Grade 6 and I still didn't receive the designation, not sure why they tested me that time, I was never told. The reason I just received the designation is because my district just gave out the funding to test for gifted children. Yes, my school district just gave the funding to TEST for gifted children. Not to do anything with them. I was given to option to skip a grade when I went to get my results, which would mean going in to high school. After that meeting I was never contacted by the school psychologist (The person who did my test and gave me the results) again. Now, skipping a grade might sound fine and dandy but the negatives out weigh the positives. The biggest being the big impact on my social life. I'm not a very outgoing person and I might as well be the definition of awkward. So going to high school surrounded by a bunch of people a year older than me isn't going to be very pleasant. Now, say I wanted to get into a gifted program well, my district, and for a matter of fact, almost all districts in British Columbia don't have a program for gifted children. There's a special schoolprogram in Victoria and one in Vancouver. If you don't live in either of those cities, your screwed. Anyways, I'm getting off topic here, here is where I get a little angry. Last year in Grade 6 we had quite a few special needs children (Severely autistic, Down Syndrome, and some other stuff). These guys go to school and play all day. Of course, they can't participate in actual classes, but instead of actually doing stuff with these kids, they walk around the halls with them while they scream and interrupt classes. Every few kids get a helper, I'm not sure of the exact number but I think it's around 3 kids to a helper. But usually there are about 10 kids that are severely special needs so there are 3 or 4 helpers. These helpers stay with the kids at all times. This doesn't sound too bad, right? School pays for a couple extra teachers that help a few special needs kids. But then you hear about how they're treated. These kids regularly went on field trips, extravagant ones at that, sailing, those fancy indoors gymnasiums, to the airport to have a flight around the city (This one was weird, but they did it). Mean while, we had 25 - 30 kids to one teacher and I was bored out of my mind because I knew all the curriculum and the teachers were already stretched too thin to give any of the gifted kids special attention, hell, the teacher would sometimes ask me to go around and help the other kids because too many kids were confused with a new math concept or needed help writing their essays. So while these special needs kids got to go on special field trips and had many teachers to so few children, our teachers were struggling to help any kids who might fall behind and I was getting so bored I ended up skipping school to stay home and program or learn a language (Working on Latin right now). This year, the same thing happened, except it was worse. Instead of me just skipping school, I just stopped trying and my grades plummeted. School was so boring to me it's getting unbearable. The final nail in the coffin for me was my English teacher putting me in a low level reading group. I read at the 99th percentile. I just didn't even try anymore. I didn't even read the curriculum. The only reason I passed was because I did the bear minimum on worksheets and tests. Of course, I got excited when they tested me, only to find out that it wasn't going to change anything about 2 weeks later. I know another gifted kid a couple grades ahead of me (Going on grade 11 next year) who almost dropped out. This kid is a genius, I think he has an [FSIQ] of about 150. The only reason he stayed was because his parents pretty much forced him to. He used to just skip school. I don't talk to him much anymore so I don't know whats happening with him now, but he's a prime example of what happens when you don't treat gifted kids like gifted kids. Mean while, the special needs kids in his school get their own room, their own teachers, their own everything. Even with a smaller classroom the teachers don't give a flying fuck about you. And it's not just the special needs kids, it's the less intelligent kids that get special treatment. I don't want to call them stupid but that's what some of them are. They aren't special needs, they're just dumb (really don't want to sound rude but that's the best way to describe them). They get student teachers to help them, they get easier worksheets and for some reason, I'm still sitting there, doing worksheets that are far below my grade level. I haven't heard many arguments as to why I'm wrong since I'm not a fan of sharing this view since it kinda sounds like I'm hating on special needs people if I do. The one that I have been told is this: "Gifted children are smart enough to be left on their own. So what if they get bored, so does every other kid! Special needs children simply can't do the work, they need to have their own helpers!" Okay, that's fine, I recognize that special needs children can't do the work, and I'm absolutely fine with them getting their own teachers. What I'm not fine with is gifted children not getting any special attention. Every kid gets bored, but non gifted kids still learn stuff in school. I don't. That's how bad it gets. I don't learn stuff. I don't interact with kids I get so bored. I wouldn't say I get depressed but I do start feeling sad. It's a vicious cycle when I'm told I'm intelligent, then I get these terrible marks. Then I start hanging out with the wrong groups and my marks plummet more, on the days that I go to school I sit at the back of the classroom with the "bad kids" and listen to music, I don't pay attention to the teacher because I don't care what she's telling me, because I know it. This is were I sound very contradictory. I say that I know the curriculum but then I get bad marks. It's kind of a hard thing to explain, I guess I can try to explain it and it might sound like absolute bullshit but here it is: I stop trying because I get bored and when I get bored I rush through things or don't read things fully or think clearly. Instead of think through a test question and writing a well thought out answer, I write some absolute bullshit. Because it's fun. That's how bored I am. I purposely fail tests because it's more fun than learning the curriculum. I enjoy doing something like: What earths core composed of? Fairy dust and love Yes, I gave that as an answer to a question on a science test. I actually wrote "Fairy dust and love" on a test because it gives me some sort of amusement, more than writing "nickel and iron" does. Anyways, back to the topic at hand. I know that special needs kids need their own special teachers. Just give the bloody gifted kids some too. But we don't have the funding!!! Yep, that's also something I've heard. You wanna know what my schools most recent purchase was? You're not going to believe this one... A mother fucking[ 1300 dollar drone] . Not rented. They literally bought a 1300 dollar drone. What for? Maybe it's a good purpose! Nope. They took a picture of the school with it. Instead of hiring a photographer to climb up on a ladder and take a picture of our entire school like every other school ever, they spent 1300 dollars on a drone to take 1 picture. To clarify I mean one of those pictures where your school huddles together outside and then gets a picture taken, I don't mean the school building. This is kind of a bad example because a CEA (The kind of teacher who teaches special needs kids) salary is like 30 grand. But if we can pitch the idea of buying a drone to our funding guy, couldn't we pitch the idea of getting an extra teacher for the gifted kids? So yeah, they probably can get the funding. It's that we're not the priority. The special needs kids are. The dumb kids are. The kids who excel? Fuck'em, they can have fun in University. I guess I've conveyed my opinion as I see it. Sorry if the post isn't incredibly clear, I get a little emotional about some of this stuff. Feel free to ask me any questions. I'm very open to any criticism. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!