Some of you you believe the right to bear arms is inherent, my question to you is: "how does it come about that this right is inherent?" What makes this right inherent? There is a difference between rights granted by law and natural rights. Laws can define where natural rights are legally applicable. But laws can't give or take away inherentnatural rights. (Laws can, however, violate or protect those rights.) There still must be a logical derivation of this right from nature if it exists. If "Natural law derives from the nature of man and the world, just as physical law derives from the nature of space, time, and matter." my question is, how exactly is it that you are proposing the right to firearms derives from nature? "It just does" is not a sufficient answer. Explain why we have the natural right to self defense, and how, logically, that right extends to include firearm ownership. Or the claim that gun rights derive from natural rights will remain entirely unsubstantiated. I actually think guns are the least of our problems, and I'm not really a "gun-grabber" because there are a couple dozen things I'd rather do first. (And if those happen, guns would mostly only be used for hunting, and target practice. And the potential for a strong national defence, like they ought to be.) I'd rather get people educated and out of poverty. Etc. I tell you this so you can understand, I'm an open mind on this issue, and if you can't convince me, you probably won't convince anyone. To be clear: I could give a about gun rights, I don't see any logical derivation of those rights from nature. So far as I can see they are only legal rights and not natural rights at all. At the same time, people who actually spend effort and time opposing gun rights annoy me, because (duh) there will always be weapons and violence until people get healthy and free. focusing actions on a wedge issue like guns serves to divide, and sow fear, rather than to unify and bring progress. Discussion, though, is another matter. I am currently against both "gun grabbers" (practically) and gun rights (ideologically). So I am mostly heavily neutral on this subject. I have serious questions about the central dogmas of both sides of this debate. Tell me why I should no longer ideologically oppose gun rights. Show the logical derivation from nature, which I believe you are claiming exists. currently without an understanding of the justification for the claim that gun rights are natural rights, It is my view that many legal freedoms or impositions are a matter of practicality, justified by the basic and overriding human drive to form a safe, harmonious, and productive society, and then that guns are simply impractical toward this end. if you can't convince me of this, (or at least correctly formulate any argument defending your position), you are probably not really going to convince anyone. But If your thought is that the right to firearms is derived from the right to self defend would it not make more sense that the natural right to self defend justifies the legal right to live in a firearm free environment. Since guns take more lives than they save? To claim that a right is derived from nature without showing the logic of the derivation is equally meaningless as to claim that a right is granted by God. I see no logical derivation from nature for the right of humans to bear arms. (Bonus: I can't imagine that there is any which wouldn't also "justify" the "rights of monkeys to bear arms. I invite you to Change My View.