I believe that we are at the point where we potentially could avoid bringing about catastrophic climate change, but to do that we would need to drop absolutely everything, to change our lifestyles in the most dramatic of ways, and we would need to unify and mobilize everybody to address this issue (at the expense of almost everything else). And I believe that it's too late for us to do this because it would take changes so dramatic that the people who are most invested in society as it is today (the rich and powerful) would resist it will everything they have. A lack of serious committments and changes is indicative of this. I believe that we are on the brink of a number of tipping points, if we haven't already passed them: The melting of the polar ice caps (including rain at polar areas and the landslide effect of snowmelt destabilizing ice sheets causing them to break up plunge into the ocean well before they would even melt) meaning that the sheets which used to reflect sunlight away from the Earth will be gone. Along with that is the albedo flip where as the ice melts and pools of water accumulate on the top of ice sheets, they become a sort of heatsink, absorbing solar energy and causing nearby ice to melt, creating further pools of water. The melting of frozen methane escaping into the atmosphere is a similar effect which will cause another feedback loop as methane is a much more effective greenhouse gas, in orders of magnitude (is it 40x?) above carbon dioxide. Oceanic acdification threatening to grind not only oxygen production to a virtual standstill but also threatening to destroy the very foundation of oceanic life by removing the ability for the cornerstone of the oceanic foodchain, phytoplankton, to form. If this happens, then the natural cycle of nutrients from the oceans to the waterways back to the land will come to a grinding halt, meaning that the once rich and fertile liminal lands along coastlines will become barren and waterways will end up eutrophying and becoming undrinkable. The destruction of peat bogs andor the reduction of the capacity of peat bogs to keep the carbon they contain sequestered. Runaway forest fires causing feedback loops as the hotter and drier the world gets, the more likely severe forest fires will be which will in turn increase the carbon in the atmosphere. The potential for rainforest ecosystems to collapse thereby increasing atmospheric carbon while ceasing to function as carbon sinks. Desertification rapidly increasing due to increased temperatures and reducederratic rainfall thereby reducing plant life and the ability for ecosystems to absorb carbon dioxide. The potential for climate change to affect the ability of cloud formation and water vapor to reflect sunlight. But the biggest factor in all of this, and the one tipping point which we have already passed is this one the social tipping point. (Granted this is hypothetical and I admit that it's difficult to argue against speculation and prognostication.) What I see as the social tipping point is the part where people stop caring because they feel entirely powerless to affect any change, where governments choose not to act for leverage (politicalfinancial etc.), where governments and corporations choose not to act in order to preserveincrease profits, where the food supply gets put under more pressure due changes in climate (extremes, predictability, rainfall etc.) and so people will be less interested in eating locally or sustainably and more interested in just trying to get enough food, where electricity usage will skyrocket as people try to maintain a comfortable temperature indoors while it's either baking or freezing outside, where we will be faced with increasingly severe humanitarian crises (water shortages, coastal flooding, islands being submerged, famines etc.), where wars over resources will only increase, and the sum of these social feedback loops will cripple our ability to focus on ways to address runaway climate change because we will be dealing with other more urgent issues that cannot be ignored. The reason that I believe we have passed this so-called social tipping point is because collectively we have not only failed to halt carbon emissions, but instead we have only been increasing them. If there were hope for us to achieve serious change in order to avert catastrophic climate change, it would be indicated by the countries of the world rallying to make carbon emissions simply plateau. But we can't even do that. So I believe that it's too late for the world to not only stop the increase of carbon emissions, but that it's too late to be able to bring about the dramatic changes in lifestylesliving standards etc. required to avoid either increasing carbon emissions (which is a catastrophe) or simply halting carbon emissions where they are right now (which is a catastrophe). And I think that as we have surpassed this social tipping point, it will cause feedback loops in society as well as in the environment which will push us increasingly faster down a path of catastrophic climate change. N.B.: I'm not saying that humans are fundamentally incapable of changing the way they live their lives and their environmental impact. I'm not saying that life will be extinguished altogether, in fact I'm not even saying that humans as a species won't survive, but I'm saying that our societies and our progress almost certainly will not survive. I'm not saying that if we all pulled together and put everything we had into averting catastrophic climate change we couldn't stop it. I'm not saying that a revolution that sweeps the globe and changes the fundamental nature of the way society organizes itself around production, consumption, and our relation to the environment couldn't stop this. And I'm not saying that there won't be the potential for some miracle techno-fix that will save everything in the eleventh hour. I'm saying that for us to have anything more than the most infinitesimally small chance that we might be able to save ourselves from climate change somehow that we would need to have already made big strides on this front, and the way that the world is geared means that we are effectively stuck barrelling towards catastrophic climate change in an ever-accelerating manner and that this is demonstrated by us not being able to put the brakes on now, and that's without even trying to put it into reverse (to overstretch the metaphor). Please, please change my view. Edit: View changed! [This comment] made me realize that big changes could be brought about through a number of ways without the climate getting so bad that we'd need to be neck deep in seawater. I'm still skeptical that we'll be able to pull it off, and I still think that there are a ton of hazards that our current economic system presents us with which we will need to address, but if the circumstances were right (e.g. strong carbon taxes, ratifying the Kyoto treaty, a functional emissions trading market etc.) we really could reduce carbon emissions as well as atmospheric carbon in a practical and realistic way that would avert catastrophic climate change. In another comment there's a link to a recent rscience AMA on climate change which addressed how I was buying into alarmism when the reality doesn't actually seem quite so dire when you look at the evidence. At least not yet anyway. Between those two comments in particular, my view has been changed.