This is naturally an incredibly controversial topic and I highly doubt that many people will agree with me, but I feel compelled to discuss this. This needs to be prefaced by saying that all of this is based on averages, not individuals. I'm sure many women are more capable than many men, what I'm saying is that the general trend across the board is that on average a male worker is more productive. Men work almost triple the amount of overtime hours than women. Men work more standard hours than women. Women take more sick days off work than men. Women are more likely than men to take several years of maternity leave off of work. A small percentage of women undergo severe PMS and consequently work at a diminished capacity for several days of each month. To use anecdotal evidence, yesterday I came in to work, to find that all 8 garbages were completely filled. This was strange, since the closing crew is supposed to take out the garbages every night. I asked my coworker why no one had done the garbages last night, and I was effectively told that only girls were working the closing shift, and none of them wanted to touch the garbages because they thought it was gross. So I had to take out 8 garbages first thing in the morning, because I was a man. Additionally, the parking lot was overflowing with trash that had spilled out of the over-packed garbage cans, but none of the girls had done the usual nightly responsibility of sweeping, since they thought it was a man's job as well. I'm not talking about one or two co-workers here, there were 7 women on shift, and every single one of them followed this gender stereotyped idea of what closing responsibilities they should have. Its one thing if men and women divide tasks based on relative strengths and weaknesses, but if someone neglects to do a task because there's no one of the opposite sex to assign it to, that is ridiculous. When only men are closing, someone still ends up washing the dishes and shining the countertops. Due to the biological, sociological, and psychological factors that women face, they are on average less suited to performing excessive labour, and in an economic system where more work more money, it is no surprise that men make more than women. What I find most surprising is that when I bring up this issue, I am met with incredible opposition, as if I am trying to oppress women or promote sexism. The truth is, an entire branch of feminism exists for the very reasons I have stated; socialist feminism believes that men have a higher capacity to work and are therefore at an advantage in a capitalist society. They believe the only way wage equality can happen is through instating socialist policies that ensure employers are forced to pay men and women equally. I am not saying that women deserve to be paid less because they have children for example, humanity needs new people to be born, and as such women should not be penalized for taking time off work to raise children. However, we do not live in a moral democracy. We live in a capitalist democracy, where employers are free to pay their employees whatever they think is proportional to the revenue or work that each specific employee will bring to the company. On average, certainly not always, but on average, men can generate slightly more work and revenue than women. Thus, the only way women can achieve equal pay is through socialist change in legislation.