I submit that Nye's public perception of'being a scientist' is largely overblown by childhood memories. In his history, he had one'scientific' accolade: he developed a device for Boeing years before he was every famous. Beyond that, he's just been a guy on TV reading from a script. Even working at Boeing, his primary job was that of a TV persona: he made the training videos. I feel that Obama's use of Nye regarding global warming is strictly an appeal to the populace who grew up watching a kid show, not the opinion of a professional with a background in anything remotely related to climate. This doesn't mean I disagree with what he said, but only disagree with the idea that he should be trusted'as a scientist'. He's a PR tool in that regard. He only parrots others' research - in everything he's done -not anything he actually observed through his own research. Further, simply having a degree in a scientific background makes you aware of that background (he has a bachelor's in engineering from Cornell), but that doesn't make you a scientist in the field. I know many people with degrees in one field who work in an entirely different field. A law degree doesn't make you a lawyer, for instance. My father has one and he's a retired contractor: never worked a legal case in his life. Nye's background hardly applies to the vast majority of his TV demonstrations and appearances. And to the point of Carl Sagan, Neil Tyson, and others: these are actual scientists who have been published, who do (did) research in the field of their degree and beyond. Yes, these men are TV personas, but unlike Nye they're actually also scientists. So? Change my view. He's one of my childhood heroes too, but I simply can't accept him as a scientist. I feel that cheapens real work by real scientists. Edit: [Delta awarded] , albeit not in a way I had in mind. It's technically correct, [but we all know...] To many of the comments: - Education is important and admirable, but that still doesn't make you a scientist in my view. If that's the standard of calling oneself a scientist while being displayed on news media as an expert to be listened to, then really, there's no measure for what an expert is in that regard. - There are many qualified scientists who are also good on TV: I still assert Nye's appearances were heavily caused by his association as the funny lab-coat and bow-tie'science guy' and childhood memories, which is a manipulative and deceptive thing to do when appearing in support of public policy (regardless of my agreement and my own support of the same policy). That deception was not unintentional, but calculated. Herein lies my problem and reasoning for this post. I should note that this still stands as my view, and the delta awarded was awarded basically because I worded the post in a particular way. If anyone would like to address this view, I'd award another delta if the mods are okay with it. - I really, honestly think that comparing Nye and people like Neil Tyson and Carl Sagan is an insult to the latter two. That's like comparing your high school bio teacher to the same two men. That's utterly absurd in my mind: Tyson and Sagan contributed more to their fields than Nye ever could at this point. - Nye's only contribution I can see, which is the reason for the single delta awarded thus far, has been in the development and design of a hydraulic pressure resonance suppressor used for 747s, to this day. I concede this is a meaningful, scientific advancement for the public made by Bill Nye.