[This article] does a pretty good job of pulling the relevant statistics together that I find convincing. In searching for critiques of those statistics I found [this article] that lays out some criticisms of the first article's source study, along with a rebuttal from another journalist who's written on the topic. I believe that: 1. You, or someone in your family, are more likely to be killed by your gun either purposefully or accidentally than you are to use the gun against an attacker successfully in self-defense. 2. Therefore, if your goal is to make yourself andor your family safer, then choosing to keep a gun in your home explicitly for that purpose is an irrational decision. I do believe there is one exception to this. If you have a particular reason or belief that you are likely to be attacked, then, since the odds of being attacked have increased dramatically, then it may be rational to have a gun in the house for self-defense. For example, if you have a stalker. If you have received threats on your life. If you have any reasonable belief that someone will try to harm you specifically. If government or police forces have broken down. Basically, if the odds change so that for you the risk of you or your family being attacked is greater than the risk of having a gun in the house, then it would be rational to have a gun. But we do know, statistically, on average, that is not the case. So for the average person, the risks are such that the rational decision for maximizing safety is to not keep a gun. I further believe that if you get other uses out of the gun other than just self-defense, then the other added benefits of having a gun would make it rational to keep one in the house. For example, if somebody was a hunter and or target shooter and they get a lot of joy out of their hobby, that could be worth the risk of gun ownership. Or even if someone cited tradition, or the need of an armed populace as a check on the government, that too could be a perceived benefit to them that makes the safety risk worthwhile. I'm strictly speaking about what's the best decision for maximizing personal and family safety. Change my view by showing me that the risk of harm to you or your family is lower by having a fire arm in the house. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!