It is my belief that self driving cars and cars that pollute lesser than their gas powered counterparts are an unnecessary diversion in creating a safe cleaner people transportation system. We already have it! It's the trains! If public transport such as railways are expanded and given priority over road vehicles in infrastructure, then we can achieve the goals that the automotive industry is trying to achieve very quickly. We should divert the resources that we spend on making smarter cars (finances and human capital) to making smarter, faster, safer, public transport and expand the rail network. If we just expand the rail network then people will automatically shift from driving a car to riding on a train as their preferred choice of daily commute. Some of the points I have against road transport for individuals. Environmental impact- A vast majority of cars are running on fuels that emit pollutants in the environment. Safety- Road injury was one of the top 10 causes of death in the world. According to WHO, road injury took lives of 1.3 Million people in the last decade. Stress- While driving for enjoyment is really fun on your off days, daily commute hardly is. We are spending a nice chunk of our day that we can spend relaxing, reading or working to complete the last minute project on a rather stressful, and repetitive driving route facing traffic jams and asshole drivers. Energy efficiency - A car owner takes a Ton of metal with him just to get from point A to B. Fuel efficiency of trains is superior to that of cars. Maintenance - a car requires frequent upkeep and maintenance of its parts and components. Economy - Transportation is lot more expensive in cars. Here are some points that I have for expansion of public transport. Bonus free time - When I'm in a train I can browse my phone, read a news paper work on my presentation without the fear of killing someone. This is something driverless cars are trying to achieve and are still years away from it. Potty Breaks - trains can be modified to have them, cars don't. I'd have to pause my driving, find a gas station and then resume it again, why do that when you can go on the go. Fuel Efficiency. Noise reduction. Skill Transfer- People who graduate in engineering and were thinking of joining an automotive manufacturer can just as easily join a locomotive manufacturer. I am not arguing for an absolute ban on using cars, I just think if we focus on public transport more than we would solve a lot of problems that automotive market is trying to eliminate. Problems such as energy efficiency, pollution, and vehicle automation can be achieved with technology that we have today. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!