The only times where it's not your fault is if you are disfigured, or if you were born with extreme facial asymmetry. In both cases you cannot change those issues. If you have a nose that is 2 12 inches long and crushed in eye socket, then yes, you have an out. However, if you are not disfigured, and your facial syemetry is average, and you are still considered unattractive, well then it's your fault. Are you overweight? Your fault. Do you dress like a 35 year old male who still lives in his mom's basement, and wears black velcro shoes? Your fault. Are you balding? Depending on the structure of your skull, this is debatable, but you can take steps to mitigate this that don't involve a comb over. Halfway your fault. Do you have acne? Take better care of your skin. There are some miracle acne drugs out there. Your fault. Do you only wear shit tier clothes every single day because their "comfortable"? Your fault. Do you wear shit tier clothes every single day because you have no concept of fashion? Your fault. Do you wear shit tier clothes every single day because you can't afford decent clothes? Work harder, go back to school, still your fault. Ladies, do you not wear makeup because it takes too much effort to apply? Your fault. If makeup didn't work there wouldn't be a multi-billion dollar industry surrounding it. Do you smell like ass because you don't take a shower every day, use deodorant, and wear cologneperfume? Your fault. Do you have a shit tier job because you have a degree in History? Your fault. Men, do you not shave your unibrownose hair? Your fault. Nearly any excuse you can give for why you are unattractive is something you can control for and therefore makes it your fault. I do not presume to say that taking all these steps will make someone a 1010 but if you are a 210, I firmly believe you can go to a 710. Everyone can be a 710 out of ten. Again, this bars physical characteristics that you have no control over. If you're a 4'10 male, it's not your fault, you just have shitty height genetics. Also I am not saying being attractive is easy. It takes a lot of work and a lot of self improvement. Finally, this post isn't supposed to make anyone feel good. I am fully aware of how douchy it sounds. Spare me the hateful pm's.