A lot of futuristic technology has floundered lately (3D TV, Google Glass, etc.) but Amazon Echo can be incredibly harmful if it takes off. [Watch the launch video to understand what Amazon Echo is.] If you don't have the time, this is the pitch: Amazon Echo is designed around your voice. It's hands-free and always on. With seven microphones and beam-forming technology, Echo can hear you from across the room - even while music is playing. Echo is also an expertly tuned speaker that can fill any room with immersive sound. Echo connects to Alexa, a cloud-based voice service, to provide information, answer questions, play music, read the news, check sports scores or the weather, and more - instantly. All you have to do is ask. Essentially, it is an omnipresent Siri that lives in your home and is constantly listening. The device already has 23,058 reviews from testers and it is just hitting the market. Now imagine one of these in everyone's home. I will cover some of the highlights of the launch video as examples in my argument. Reason 1: Laziness A lot of technology today encourages laziness. However, this takes it to a whole new level. Example: "Alexa, add waffles to my shopping list." Now we don't even need to jot things down or even type them into our smart phones at the very least. Example:'Alexa can provide news!' Instead of reading the newspaper or watching the news we can listen to a mono-tone robot recite world events. Example: "Alexa, what is the chance of rain?" The woman is literally standing next to the door when she asks this question. However, she would rather receive the weather from her nifty new gadget than to actually look outside or watch a weather report. Reason 2: Reliance on Technology Most of us can admit that we are uncomfortably dependent on our smart phones. However, what if our smart phone was never in our pocket? What if it was always plugged in and tempting us? This is essentially Amazon Echo. The narrator even proclaims that Echo will, "Become a part of the family!" Example: "The echo is a tool that we use to keep our household functioning." This is a quote from a mother as she dresses her daughter. I am aware that these are commercially invented situations being reenacted by paid actors. However, I feel as though they are fairly accurate depictions of how people will use this technology and how they will respond to it. Clearly, there are many issues with one piece of technology keeping a household together. Example: "The prime re-ordering is when you can ask Alexa to order something you've already ordered through your prime account." Now we can shop by shouting a phrase at a robot! No need to go out. I think laziness coupled with reliance on technology have been the most harmful qualities that todays youth (myself included) suffer from. We find it difficult to go out and make plans. We find it difficult to socialize. We find it difficult to talk on the phone. In a world full of constant updates and fast information, why should we access things in any other way? We want things instantaneously and at our discretion. Reason 3: Invasion of Privacy Major corporations will do anything to learn more about consumers and what they want. Echo allows consumers to order things through Amazon Prime. I am not afraid of what this AI will do granted that it can always hear and learn. As long as it's just a black cylinder speaker (with no hidden flame-thrower) I don't believe we have a reason to fear an Echo uprise. Rather, I am more afraid of what the men and women behind the scenes will do. Example:'Echo can hear you from anywhere in the room, so it's always ready to help!' "I can have the water running, I can be cooking, the TV can be on in the back room, and she still can hear me." All I could think while watching this was, "Genisys is Skynet!" Here is a link to the [Amazon page.] So, can anyone give me some reason as to why Amazon Echo can be more helpful than harmful? Edit: View changed by ufssbmule1 with [this comment!] Great points. I wish I could reply to all of you but there are way too many comments. Also, quit down-voting stuff you disagree with! I put just as much time and thought into my comments as everyone else and I don't deserve to have them hidden. Down-voting comments you disagree with is just going to deter people from contributing to CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!