I am American and have used toilet paper my whole life. I've had to use a bidet the past week for medical reasons, and I think that toilet paper is the far superior option. Cleanliness In this area, I prefer toilet paper for a few reasons. First of all, there is actual visual confirmation that you've got it all. With bidets you just have to keep spraying until you think you're good. And as the amount of wipingbidet-ing can vary greatly, the visual aspect is a great help. (I used a towel to dab afterwards, as toilet paper doesn't hold up against all the water.) Secondly, a bidet shouldn't be necessary as people (should) shower daily. Many people like to point out that bidets are better because they rinse away bacteria and other nastiness. But, a shower with actual soap and water and scrubbing should do that job much better than just water alone. "But you wouldn't just wipe it away if you got some on your hands!" No, and I don't think you'd just rinse it away either. You'd use soap and water and scrubbing. Another point, your hands are usually the first thing you use to touch something. Until you grab things with your bare ass, wiping is just as good. Comfort Good quality toilet paper is amazing. It's soft, thick, almost like Kleenex. Hell, you could wipe with Kleenex if you wanted. Point is that high quality stuff is glorious. On the other hand, you're getting a cold spray of water in a very sensitive area. Even if you have a super luxury bidet that uses heated water, it's still basically shooting water up your ass. Even low quality toilet paper is better than that. In a shower the water flows down, which is much less uncomfortable. With a bidet there's also the added trouble of being all drippy with water while you move to towel off. And unless you want to reach into the bowl with a towel while you're still sitting on it, you're going to have to at least move up to a squat to towel off. (Those with an air dryer feature may alleviate this somewhat, but toweling will probably still be necessary if the air hand dryers are anything to go by.) Price I understand bidets cost less. But for me and where I am in life, I can and will pay extra for quality. There must be many others who feel the same, or else only single ply sand paper toilet paper would exist. In this area bidets are better, but I think that if this is the reason someone buys a bidet it would be because they have to save money. Eco friendliness I think we're past the whole'save the trees' business. Reforestation is greater than reforestation in most of the world. Bidets may actually do more harm in low water and drought areas, if everyone dropped toilet paper and got bidets the gallons would add up. To clarify; I'm talking about a bidet for home use, that's built into the toilet. The bidets that are completely separate just seem impractical. Edit: The point here is that given a choice between a bidet and toilet paper, toilet paper is better. In situations where there's no other alternatives, of course one will be used over the other. So, CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!