Personally, I'm not religious, so I guess I'm trying to get some insight here. Here's the deal, say you live in a world where it is impossible to do anything morally wrong. Then in that world there would be no reason to praise or reward someone for doing the moral thing because there is no other option. Likewise, there is no one who could possibly be punished (like sending them to hell for instance). Clearly we do not live in such a world, but religious individualsgroups who insist that something should be illegal or made nearly impossible due to religious views are trying to make our world more like the one in the scenario I suggested above where it is impossible to do anything morally wrong. Thus, forcing people to comply with the rules of your religion actually seem to make the rules less meaningful which seems like something that religious individuals would want to avoid. Note, I'm only talking about things where the main reason for believing them is religion - like beliefs about gay marriage, premarital sex, drinking alcohol, etc. Therefore, things like the belief that you should not murder people would not count as having a primarily religious nature because most people also find murder horrific in a separate sense from religion. To phrase it differently, if all alcohol disappeared from earth tomorrow and humans somehow could no longer make it, would abstaining from drinking alcohol mean anything? I don't think so. Without having the choice to do the'wrong' thing, then doing the'right' thing is meaningless. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!