Linux is a hard to learn OS and seems daunting for the average Windows user. Many things on Windows cannot be used on Linux (Distros I have tried were Mint and Ubuntu). 1. Gaming. Games such as ARMA 3 or any other DirectX 11 games cannot be played on Linux at all. In fact, Steam refuses to download them. Even some directx 9 games cannot be played using Wine. (personal issues were splinter cell, battlefield (any of them), and SWBF2 to name a few.) 2. Ease of use. Whenever I try to look up how to do something on Linux it always involves the terminal and confusing commands. With Windows, everything has a easy to use interface. Compared to Windows, Linux is not as polished and requires a lot of setup to easily use. Many technologically challenged people have no idea how to use the terminal, especially without Google's help. 3. Drivers. I applaud Linux for its ability to easily recognize system drivers (chipset, USB stuff, etc) but when it comes to things such as joysticks and gaming controllers, even Nvidia drivers and other special drivers (ps3 eye webcam), the terminal has to be used with varying degrees of success. 4. Applications. Almost every program is Windows only and has no alternative in Linux. Some examples are anything GPUgaming related, (MSI afterburner, geforce experience, etc.) fan control, temp monitors, and any program that has an exe at the end. In short, the excessive use of the terminal combined with the lack of common programsdrivers make Linux unusable for both the everyday consumer and the gamer. I am completely willing to change my view, as I have tried Linux many times with the same common issues appearing. I just see no benefit Linux has over Windows, besides being free. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!