This may be surprising to some if you look at my history on this sub, where I posted several CMVs critical of Gamergate, the police and conservatives, but here goes.... we've gone way overboard with this PCSocial Justice mentality. Recent examples are- -the furor this morning (at least on twitter) over Amy Schumer in the WaPo. -Hannibal Burress had a minor run-in with several notable female twitter personalities including Gaby Dunn. (there's a whole list of responses, if it doesn't show up just go through his timeline) -Jerry Seinfeld made news when he said he wouldn't play college campuses anymore, to much reminding of his relationship with a 17-year old twenty years ago, and snickering over how his material isn't even edgy anyway. -Chris Rock said the same thing last year. I guess he's a shitlord too. -Patton Oswalt, who at one point was booed in Philly for his anti-Bush beliefs back during 2004 or so, is now not worthy of being followed. He's in a category with Trump and Palin. -Not to pick on Gaby Dunn, but earlier this year she blew up at Josh Groban, because I guess young male celebrities being horndogs is completely new and has never, ever happened in human history. Hell, even amongst the more notable far-left twitter there's infighting. Suey Park and Lauren Chief Elk are going at it over DMs to an exstolen laptops And depending on who you believe, Rania Khalek is anti-black or "baddominacana" is racist against Arabs I was, am and will be a dyed-in-the-patchouli liberal. I was ecstatic that gays can get married now. I will call Caitlyn Jenner whatever SHE wants me to. I'm a big fan of Bernie Sanders. I absolutely believe all fortysomething of Bill Cosby's accusers. That said, I'm starting to feel a little lost. I cringe when I see the word "thinkpiece." I hate that people get so caught up in a perpetual outrage machine and so high off their own self-righteousness they will destroy a life like Justine Sacco's for sport. (Also, how great is Sam Biddle for basically admitting he'd do it all over again for "the clickz? I have to believe that the right or, "The Man," are absolutely loving this infighting. Endless digital ink is spilled on Black Widow in The Avengers while cops are still shooting anyone with a skin tone darker than Burnt Sienna. Am I wrong? Am I the asshole here? Is all of this of vital importance? Will the 247365 internet analytical news cycle bring us to the promised land? Or is this just a tool of cultural commentators on a deadline? EDIT: I'll add this since I'm getting a lot of advice to get off twitter. I definitely don't go on as much as I used to, but it's hard for me to stay off completely for two reasons. One, there's a lot of actually good, funny twitterers out there. It's also a good news source, it's how I found out we got Bin Laden. Two, as someone who, despite all warning signs, wants to be involved someday in the comedyentertainment biz, it's kinda necessary for those on the come up to use it as a promotional tool. If I was Spielberg or Tarantino I'd get the hell off, trust me. But I'm a nobody from nowhere at the moment. Try not to focus on the Twitter thing as much. There's pieces on Gawker, WaPo and Daily Dot that I've used for examples. Here's a piece on the AVClub where the writer complains about female fans of Captain Marvel for.... reasons. Not sure. They're problematic somehow. EDIT 2: Not sure how much longer this'll stay active, or how much I'll be able to check in tomorrow so I'll do a pseudo-wrap up here. I used mainly examples from the comedy world and Twitter since that's what immediately came to mind. Other examples I could've used were Donglegate and ScientistShirtgate . I think those two, and there are others, are also worthy of discussion in that they involve nuance. Someone like Donald Trump, that's a black-and-white case of racism. Someone in the comments said this seemed like neurotic hand-wringing by an alienated individual, and that could very well be the case. I didn't really spend a whole lot of time making a comprehensive essay about this because a-it's just reddit and b-I posted from the gut with immediacy. If someone wants to take this theme and do it up better, by all means go for it. I never claimed to be a social scientist. Or even just social. Some good opinions here, with the major consensus being that these things seem big and important on the internet where everything is a hot take and people are either Lawful Good or Chaotic Evil with no in-between. So in stepping out from the cyberspace will keep the perspective in check. Good talk everyone! No name calling or trolling! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!