This is something I've been struggling with for a while. There have been a few headlines lately that brought this topic up, namely about the new [black Human Torch in the upcoming Fantastic Four reboot] , and the casting of [Emma Stone as Allison Ng in Aloha] . Now, I know both of these examples aren't perfect opposites, but the reception has been wildly different. When Michael B. Jordan was cast as the new Human Torch, people were thrilled. Despite the Human Torch [never once being black in the comics] , people said this was a good step forward in the superhero film community, and even that changing the typically white role to an black role would add levels of complexity to the story. On the other hand, critics called Stone's casting "culturally insensitive," despite Cameron Crowe stating that the fact she's predominantly white, and has to constantly explain her "unlikely heritage," was an actual aspect of her character, based on a real life redhead with 14 Chinese heritage. I don't mind casting people of color in typically white roles. I think it's good and it should be as inconsequential as POC involvement in other areas of life in the 21st century. In fact, in areas dominated by white characters, like the Marvel Universe, I'm completely open to the idea of adding more roles for POC. But when usually white roles are filled by POC, there's a lot of praise for reaching out and involving other races. Why not just focus on either creating films that feature black or other minority characters, like the [Black Panther] comics), or even start creating more original POC characters to reflect the changing racial landscape? Why is the casting itself of a mixed race character portrayed by a white actor "insensitive?" I'd love to hear other thoughts. I've only seen these two issues (minority casting of white roles and white casting of minority roles) tackled separately. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!