As a society we have limited resources. We have to decide how to best use those resources. Spending thousands of dollars on a child that is unlikely to recover is a net loss. I understand that an argument can be made to the effect that these children grow up to be geniuses, and great innovators. However this argument falls apart when we look at expected returns from spending. It is extremely unlikely that our sick child is the next Einstein or Trump. They also are just unlikely to be the next Unabomber or sociopath. Children that die of hereditary diseases usually will have not procreated before their death. Although genetic defects are not preventable, eliminating individuals which carry a higher risk of passing the trait to their child will improve the overall gene pool of our species. Look at the Black Plague. Northern Europeans are more resistant to infections now as their ancestors were able to survive the epidemic. Ends unnecessary suffering. The child won't have to suffer anymore, as they are dead now. I want to point out that public dollars should not be spent on treating the child. If they parents want to go broke trying to keep their precious child alive on the respirator, then go ahead and let them. Poor families can seek donations to cover the cost. Donators receive the "warm glow" associated with donating to a good cause. Healthcare expenditure increases, and with it GDP. Its better for the economy in the short run. Governments would have to reduce spending on other government projects, increase sources of tax revenue, or go in debt to cover the large healthcare costs if public dollars were used. Letting the child die helps with population control. Malthus may have been wrong in the 1800's when he proclaimed the doom of humanity as he predicted the growth of humanity would outstrip our ability to grow agriculture. Because of climate change, and the overuse of farmlands we may reach that point in the near future. Further information: Examples of diseases or ailments. Congenital Anomalies Malignant Neoplasms Heart Disease Cancers which meet the definition below. Live disease Diseases associated with high mortality rates and high treatment costs Thanks for the comments. I think I have critically changed a lot of my view. I haven't gone full circle, but I have been given enough to consider thinking my stance more. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!