I really want my view changed on this because I love eating lamb meat, and I would like to be able to eat it without feeling guilty! Let's start with why I find eating meat at all to be morally justifiable. I only buy meat from free-roam organic farms, which are clearly labeled here in Denmark. If I eat one of the cows I see on the outskirts of my city, happily roaming and eating grass, I don't really feel guilty. They get to experience a reasonably long, happy and healthy life. We also have pigs that are allowed to roam free in the forest. We give them a safe environment, and their lives end up on average longer and happier than they would be in the wild. So imagine if an alien species came to earth and says: "Hey, we'll create a post-scarcity society for you. All your life you will be in perfect health. You (as in all humans) will never want for anything, you will get all your favorite food and you get to play video games all day or whatever it is you want to do. But when you reach the age of 50, we will kill you in a humane way and then we will eat your corpse." I would find that to be a good deal. It would remove world hunger, there is no need to fight for resources. No diseases killing young people, no genetic defects. Not even having to work or do anything you don't want. And you would still get a reasonably long life to enjoy. And now we get to lamb meat. These guys are killed at 1 month to 1 year, which is in the best case less then 110th of their lives. They don't get to enjoy their lives. In my alien analogy, it would be like making the deal "Yeah some of you get to live until 50, but some of you we will take and eat at 5," which suddenly becomes less acceptable. What would change my view: Somehow making my alien analogy work for eating humans at 5 Giving me another compelling moral argument for why eating lamb meat is ok. What will NOT change my view: The "Animals are made for human consumption so they don't matter" argument. Well yes, but they are also intelligent agents capable of feeling pain and suffering. An alien species with superior technology and intelligence could decide that "Humans are made for alien consumption," and enslave our species, keeping us in cages all our lives. That would be horrible. So even if they are less intelligent and feel suffering differently, it does not give us the right to harm them for no good reason. We as a species get to decide which animals are for human consumption and which aren't, and what conditions we keep them in. The "we evolved to eat meat" argument. Yes, and we can eat chicken, pork and beef. No need to eat lamb even if a vegetarian diet was insufficient. Sorry for the long post. I realize it may be a bit tricky, but I really really want my guilt-free lamb roast. So there you have it, my first ever CMV:) EDIT: Thank you all for the replies! So this has been addressed from 2 perspectives, that got me to change my view: 1. If we go with the alien analogy, if they were to take some human cells and clone some humans on their home world, let them play happily on a field until they are 5, and then slaughter them for food, how immoral would that really be? The children would accept it as the status-quo and enjoy their lives, as they are too young to understand all the ramifications. No parents would have to part from their children, thus causing more suffering. 2. On the other side, it has been shown that other animals are slaughtered at an even younger age, so my view is inconsistent. Pigs, who are a lot more intelligent than lambs, usually get killed at 5 months. Milk cows are parted from their young as soon as they are born, and the calves get killed quite often only after a few weeks. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!