NYC currently has two schemes for limiting rent: rent control, and rent stabilization. Both of them should be abolished, though gradually. I would propose that currently controlled units remain controlled, but that: Current units cannot be transferred to a new tenant. If the original tenant on the lease at the time of the decontrol law vacates the unit, the unit can be listed by the landlord at market rates. Currently, other occupants related to the lessor can inherit the lease, meaning units pass down in families indefinitely. Newly constructed or rented units are not subject to any controls. Rents in all controlled units can rise by up to 5 per year. Rent decontrol be coupled with large scale upzoning to allow more housing to come on to the market. This will include infill construction in NYCHA housing projects where developers are willing to pay market rates for the land. Buildings which received Mitchell-Lama or other tax subsidies must pay back the subsidies with interest before decontrolling units which were built as a condition of the subsidy, on a pro-rated basis. The reason I want to abolish rent regulations in NYC is that it drastically reduces the available housing supply and harms people looking to move to or within the city. Anyone who has won the rent regulation lottery never moves out, and you end up with a highly inefficient allocation of apartments within the city. It also hugely depresses the creation of new rental units within the city, because new landlords see what happened to old landlords who got stuck with controlled units. I don't think there should be a property right in a rental. If you want a property interest in the place where you live, you should buy it. If you're renting, you should be subject to the market forces that come with that. Edit 1: I was hoping to get some replies before I had to step away, but so far it's just crickets. Will be away from computer for about an hour and a half or so, and will reply when I'm back. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!