Snowden leaked classified information, which is a crime, but the circumstances of the leak, and how he did it, are such that he deserves to be pardoned. Snowden did not leak for personal gain, but for public benefit. He did not sell secrets to a foreign power. The programs he revealed [were illegal] . If he had not been a national security employee, his actions would have been covered by the whistleblower protection act, and not be a crime at all. Two years on from his leaks, it is clear that Snowden has not acted in a way deserving of legal punishment, and it would be better for the United States if he were to be pardoned and allowed to return home, instead of his looming prosecution, especially considering that [he could not raise a public interest defense] at trial. Snowden broke the law. But the pardon power exists precisely because the law does not cover all possible contingencies, and there is supposed to be the possibility of mercy in an exceptional case. Snowden's case is nothing if not exceptional, and he should be pardoned. Edit: Ok, I'm heading to bed now. Thanks for all the responses, I'll try to catch up on more tomorrow - this thread kinda blew up on me. Edit 2: I've awarded a delta to uMrApophenia who convinced me that the first-best solution would be for Snowden to return to the US on the condition, which he's publicly agreed to, of a trial where he can raise a public interest defense. If convicted at that trial, a pardon might still be considered. This would require an assurance that the espionage act charges be permanently dropped. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!