I can think of no reason to set such prices other than as a psychological trick to make something seem cheaper than it is. The consumer gains little to nothing by buying the product for 1 cent cheaper. It doesn't really add up for that much, and it is outweighed for how much extra the consumer spends due to being misled. Stores wouldn't do it otherwise. I would find it hard to believe that the prices are caused by competition and market equilibrium (i.e. that it would be rationally cheaper to buy at the 599.99 store than the 600 store). It would be a huge coincidence if it turned out that the "real market price" just happened to stop at that arbitrary.99 point. Furthermore, it appears that monopolies such as airport snack shops are doing it as well, and they have no competition. Therefore, I argue that it has no benefit to the consumer and it is done in bad faith. Of course, the consumer ought to be responsible when buying, but a practice like this very intentionally exploits such moments of minor inattention. This gives it grounds to be banned. I can see how that might cause problems with prices like 19,900, but not with anything below one dollar difference. If you are a laissez-faire fellow such as myself who might believe that it is the store's natural right to set whatever price it wants for whatever reason, then fine, although it would be very low on the priority list of excessive regulations. But it would at least call for some sort of consumer action or boycott. And if you believe this is too small of an issue to write laws or organize rallies against, then that's also fine, but then you at least have to admit that this is still completely undesirable and dishonorable, at least on a miniscule scale. You would probably change my view if you present a convincing central reason for stores to do this that isn't purely manipulative. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!