First, let me clarify that by education I mean K-undergraduate. Medicine and education are two major components of a social system. In the U.S. both are highly privatized. However I believe they should be free for several reasons: - One's health is essentially a genetic lottery. You shouldn't be punished because you were unlucky enough to develop cancer or be born with a blood disease - Health can be a direct result of economic conditions and people should not be punished because of the quality and quantity of food their parent (s) provide. - Education is essentially an economic lottery. If you don't have enough money to pay for college, good luck. Many people are only able to take out student loans because of a cosigner (or their parents outright pay it). Parent's don't have the credit? Your shit out of luck. - Education is the foundation for the future of society. Forget job opportunities for now, higher education provides valuable skills that cannot be learned anywhere else. By not providing equal opportunities, we are decreasing the intelligence of the population. - By educating the population, especially the poor, we will decrease crime as well. As of now, many poor kids know they'll never go to college even before they reach high school. By giving equal opportunity, kids will have incentive to stay in school and stay out of trouble. At least they can go to college. - By not providing free education and health care, we are putting our population into a deeper hole of debt, crime and stupidity. A smart and healthy population can contribute to society much more than the status quo (in America). Essentially, education and health are lotteries. Some get lucky while most don't. People should not be punished because of this. Investing money into an infrastructure that provides free education and health care is the basis for an advanced society. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!