I think it's safe to say that almost everyone in the world uses a keyboard now. And yet, the vast majority of people have no idea how to type without looking at the keys and often hunting and pecking. I personally consider this a major problem because I think it is holding us back to some extent. Some points that I use to support this argument: 1. Faster typing more productivity, businesses would benefit. You could do more paperwork, more homework, anything on the computer. I'd argue that if everybody could type, we'd all have more free time as well, or at the very least GDP would increase as we get more work done in less time. 2. It's useful for personal and professional activities: Even if all you do is type posts on facebook and write an email to your grandkids, knowing how to type will help you. 3. It's easy to learn. It's all muscle memory, and if you practiced for an hour a day you'd be good in a month. Plus there are programs galore for it. So, my view is that if university required you to know how to touch-type, perhaps with a modest WPM test on entry, or at least a freshman-year course, people would be forced to learn it and would become better typists, thus benefiting everyone down the line. Why university? Because minimum wage workers don't usually need to type on a computer, making it less necessary at the high school level. Also, in university, you'll be typing a hell of a lot. I don't care what course you take, you'll need to type up essays and ultimately a thesis paper. Am I overblowing this? To quote the great Mugatu, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. To me it's at least as important as learning how to write with a pen these days. I'd just like to understand why society currently seems to place no value in this skill, and that maybe I'm overreacting. Edit 1 Well, thanks for all the comments, it's been a very interesting discussion so far. The argument that's hanging onto me the most is that the keyboard may become obsolete, but I can't see that happening soon enough to justify ignoring a useful skill. For those who point out that we can learn it of our own free will and it's not the university's place, I feel that the long-term benefits of such a policy change benefit us in the long term. Universities often require you to study other things they feel are beneficial, such as learning another language (which is often taught inadequately), so I don't feel that it's outside the potential scope of a university to require typing. And for those pointing out that it isn't worth the time, I maintain that learning costs next to nothing, and it saves you time over the course of your life if you add up every time you type. Edit 2, View Changed ucheeseboyardee made the point that not everyone learns at the same rate and some people may not be able to learn to type well, and thus mandating it could exclude otherwise capable people. Thanks for all the posts and cordial discussion. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!