Hello CMV, As I'm sure many of you know, there have been a number of reports and studies that bring to light the lackluster ranking of the United States in comparison to other nations in categories such as [infrastructure] , [poverty rates] , [education] , and so on. Usually, these show other nations, typically Scandinavian and other European countries, consistently coming out on top. This leads to a somewhat negative and unhealthy perception of America for both citizens and non-citizens that I think is unfair. This is because, in my view, there are 3 factors which hinder America's ability to keep up with its developed nation counter parts: Land Size Population Cultural Heterogeneity First, here is a top 5 list of the largest nations on Earth by square mileage, in order from largest to smallest: Russia Canada China United States Brazil The US is the 4th largest country on the planet, and as such, I think its ability to manage and update infrastructure is limited. A bullet train similar to those in Europe would be difficult in the US. Also, land from coast to coast is extremely diverse, ranging from plains, to mountains, to desert, to swamps, and so forth. Such a diverse biome requires diverse management of resources and is pretty difficult in my opinion. Now here's a top 5 list of countries by population, from largest to smallest: China India United States Indonesia Brazil Not only is America massive in terms of land area, it has a massive population as well. This high population puts financial strain on social nets, public education, and other public programs that can lead to problems. (This is not to say America wisely spends its money on its people, but that is a separate argument for another day). And yet compared to the other 4 most populous nations, it still maintains a high standard of living, relatively low poverty rate, and economic mobility. The only other country that hangs with America in both categories is China, which is massive in size and population. But America differs from China in one way, which is my third point a heterogeneous culture. The US was founded by immigrants, as a nation of immigrants, and diversity is only growing into the future. America features such a mixing pot of ethnicity and culture that it makes it difficult to enact programs that benefit everyone equally. I think this is most evident in education, where the US has the difficult task of creating a system that benefits every child in the best way possible. In China, a largely homogeneous population with high value on education should produce high results. And yet, despite having all three of these factors to consider, the United States is ranked [5th on the Human Development Index] as late as 2014. So, basically my argument is this The United States, being huge in size, huge in population, and having a heterogeneous culture, is at an instant disadvantage in comparison to other nations, and is doing pretty well for itself all things considered. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!