Hello CMV! First of all regarding my own ideas and politics, I would consider myself a Thatcherite and believe in individualism, freedom and responsibility for our own actions (more on this later). This has potentially shaped my ideas on the matter but I thought I'd throw it out there. Please don't judge me on my politics but on the content of the CMV. I believe that in a free society people have the right to decide whether they should keep a baby or not, women have the right to abort or raise a child. However I believe that men deserve the same right after sex with regards to the child (it takes two to tango). If a mother decides to keep the child then the father deserves the right to accept, or opt out of, fatherhood including all of the repercussions and payments that could be associated with such. I understand that the state assumes the right of the child the right of the parent, however I believe strongly that the father has the right to continue to live his life without sinking payments into a child which was optionally chosen. If a man decides he does not want to keep the child then he has the right to refrain from supporting it throughout its life. Or on the opposite, if a mother is given the option to keep a child, willingly knowing the father does not want to, then she is accepting the responsibility of raising a child by herself, as she has no right to enforce payments on a consenting man who did not wish to have a child. Obviously this excludes rape and all other implications, this is only within consensual sex. TL;DR: Men deserve the right to decline fatherhood, and refuse payments for a child they did not wish to claim responsibility for, in a consensual Pro-Choice environment. EDIT: Slight confusioncomments regarding abortion, I believe that it is solely the woman's responsibility as to whether she should abort or not, it is her "pro choice," however fathers have the right to "opt out" of fatherhood, or responsibility for that child should the mother keep it. EDIT2: This is going pretty well, some good discussions. As suggested another way to put this would be'Committing to sex is not committing to parenthood." TheScamr worded this nicely: Right now a woman cannot be compelled to be a mother, either financially, custodially or emotionally due to abortion or adoption. Pro choice advocates say when a woman consents to sex she is not consenting to motherhood. OP is asking whether men should also be free such compulsion and the same condition: consent to sex is not consent to fatherhood, either financially, custodially or emotionally. EDIT3: This has sparked a really nice and balanced discussion, so thank you CMV. It's a controversial topic because while Men should have the same rights as Women, the rights of the child seem to take over that of the father, but not the mother. I think uBilly90 put forward the best argument against this. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!