I just watched The Imitation Game (2014). Entertaining film, I enjoyed it.... until, as I usually do after watching a film, I went and read up about it. I was pretty annoyed to discover that [aspects of the film's plot were warped for the purpose of making it more dramatic] . I do not think any good comes of this, and to be honest it makes me quite mad. For example, in the film, the main character Alan Turing is portrayed by the actor as obviously autistic to some extent, but according to a quote on Wikipedia (not sure exactly who said it) "the Asperger's-like traits portrayed in the film.... bear little relationship to the actual adult Turing." This, I think, is insulting to Turing's memory, to customise his personality as to make the film more interesting or to make the audience more sympathetic towards his character. Sometimes it's less minor than character modification. I distinctly remember watching 13 Days (2000) in a high school history class to supplement our Cold War study. This film ramped up the'Soviets are evil and JFK is a god' theme to the point of including an entirely fictional battle scene, but went out of its way to present itself as a historically accurate film, including real Cold War footage throughout. We watched it in history class for god's sake! It's also been criticised for attributing a major role in the end of the Cuban Missile Crisis to Kenneth O'Donnell - somebody who was actually there argues that "For God's sakes, Kenny O'Donnell didn't have any role whatsoever.... that's absurd." I think overblowing or underplaying real people's roles in history is just insulting, and cannot be justified. Thus, I am suggesting that films which are'based on a true story' should not be produced, unless historians can guarantee that they are a valid representation of what actually occurred. I will pre-argue some anticipated arguments in advance: "They're claiming to be based on a true story, not perfectly historically accurate." Yes, but these films spread misinformation all the same. People take'based on truth' to mean'mostly truth', especially when filmmakers go to an effort to make their films appear as historically accurate as possible (eg. including real dateseventsquotes and making the actors look as much like the real people as they can). It should not be the audience's task to read up on what really happened and what the writer made up for fun. "The aim of a film is to entertain, it is not meant to be a history lesson." But to some extent, they are taken as such all the same. A person who knows absolutely nothing about JFK will undoubtedly feel at least somewhat more knowledgable after sitting down and watching JFK (1991). And you know what, they should feel more knowledgable, because parts of the film are correct. But other parts and hopelessly wrong. "It would be boring if we saw films about the events as they actually happened." Suck it up. If you want to learn history, watch a documentary. If you want action, watch Avengers. Don't ever watch Pearl Harbour (2001). A quote from Wikipedia regarding that film:'the producer Jerry Bruckheimer was quoted saying, "We tried to be accurate, but it's certainly not meant to be a history lesson. This infuriates me. What was the purpose of making a film about Pearl Harbour if you weren't going to do it properly? Okay, I think I've ranted (more than) enough. I need to stop raging about so many movies (don't even get me started on Pocahontas (1995) and Argo (2012 - please CMV! EDIT: Great chatting everyone! Bad history will still annoy me forevermore, but nonetheless my view has been Changed! The most convincing arguments for me were that it would be incredibly difficult to draw the line between what is minor enough that the director has artistic license and what isn't, and that ALL secondary sources of history are a matter of perspective and interpretation anyway, as well as many other valuable and insightful arguments. Thanks for playing! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!