Or more specifically, it is justified in general when a man gets praise for "sleeping around," and it is also justified when the woman does not get the same level of praise for the same behaviour. I want to make this point clear - I am NOT debating whether or not it is goodbad when a woman engages in behavior that is typically defined under the scope of "slut." That is another argument altogether. I am only asserting that the difference in reaction the majority of people have when they hear about the sexual exploits of either gender is, in general, justified. The reason for this, of course, is biological. It is generally imperative for males to propagate their DNA throughout many different potential mates as possible, to ensure the survival of his line. Historically, however, females had to be more restrictive with who they engage in intercourse with, because they were then strapped with the burden of taking care ofraising a child as a product of the encounter. The brains, hormone profiles, and physiology are disparate between the genders to reflect, in part, these differences in motivation. Given these differences, the crux of my argument boils down to this: it is simply more difficult for a heterosexual man to attain sex, than a woman, ceterus paribus. Once again, to be very clear, I'm not making any moral claims about being a slut; I'm simply stating the difference in difficulty in accomplishing the same task, and the justification of the subsequent reaction. To illustrate this point, I would like to I highlight the scenario of Bob. Bob built a business from the ground up; through sheer hard work and determination, he came from nothing, and now runs a company of hundreds of employees, making millions in revenue. Now, here is Patrick. Patrick also has a company of hundreds of employees, making million dollars in revenue, through his hard work and determination. The difference between Bob and Patrick is this - Bob had absolutely zero dollars in his bank account when he started his business, while Patrick inherited over 5 billion from his father's trust fund. So, even though both have technically accomplished the same thing, it would be fair to say that Bob deserves higher praise. The difference being, of course, while the task itself was the same, the difficulty level of either party to achieveaccomplish this task is significantly different. In the same way, we can assert that (all things being equal) it is much more difficult for a man to sleep with many women, than the reverse. Now, anticipating potential rebuttals, I would like to highlight other scenarios using the same logic above: I believe that heterosexual men (and homosexual women) deserve more praise than homosexual men for the same acts. To what degree, I'm honestly not sure, as I'm not an expert in biologysociology of this kind, but using the biological argument for the difficulty of the task, I would say that homosexual men hooking up is generally easier than the other scenarios. I could be wrong on this, but it's more of an ancillary point rather than my main argument. To make sure that you've been reading all the way down to the bottom, I would really appreciate it if you started your post with any word that rhymes with "crime." Thanks!!! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!