I used to want to live in NYC, but after travelling there multiple times and talking to friends who have livedcurrently live there, I could not be more dead set against ever moving there. In fact, I have come to despise that place. As a quick note about the perspective I have: I'm a 3rd-year law student. I grew up in South FL, and currently live in Boston, MA. I'm not a stranger to life in a northeastern American city; maybe city life in general is not for me, although I do like Boston much better than New York. First, it's filthy. There is trash everywhere, the water is polluted, and the air simply does not smell clean. Being an old Northeastern city, it's filled with old buildings, many of which are in varying degrees of disrepair. It's just generally a dirty, sad place for me to be. It's also crowded. NYC has 8.5 million people crammed into around 300 square miles. To walk anywhere, you must wade through a sea of drab, disheveled humanity. The public transit is packed. Driving in NYC is one of the most hellish experiences I've ever had. The cost of living is exorbitant, as everyone already knows. Rent alone takes up most of my friends' paychecks, and their places aren't even that nice or spacious. New Yorkers seem like they pay through the nose for a standard of living that ain't that great. Then there's the climate. The winters are frigid and soul-crushing, complete with biting wind and extended periods of low sunlight or darkness. The summers are sweltering, and the heat only exacerbates the ever-present smell of rotting garbage. Plus, central air is apparently only for the wealthy northeasterners, because it is conspicuously scarce in most homesapartments I've visited. I can't understand the allure of that city. The wealthy live comfortable lives while most everyone else pays through the nose to live wretchedly. People get an inexplicable sense of self-importance and accomplishment simply by moving there and living there for a bit, regardless of what they're doing. Maybe I'd feel accomplished too, if I paid 800month to live in a cardboard box and resisted the temptation to commit suicide by antagonizing the psychotic, fascist police to which NYC is a home. TL;DR NYC is a crowded, dirty, dismal place and I cannot ever picture myself being happy there. CMV. Edit: I'm well aware of the shitty aspects of Boston life; to me, NYC's bads are more...well, bad than Boston's, that's my point. Also, inb4 "hurr Florida has bad things about it too." I definitely know that's true! Edit 2: FOLKS, this post isn't about "Boston NYC"; I'm well aware that there are bad parts about Boston too. Pointing out bad shit about other cities doesn't help make the case for NY. Edit 3: For everyone who keeps bitching at me about the delta I gave to uwhattodo-whattodo - READ THE FUCKING RULES. Quoting rule 4's explanation of delta: "Please note that a delta is not a sign of'defeat', it is just a token of appreciation towards a user who helped tweak or reshape your opinion. A delta end of discussion" (emphasis added). I've gotten so many replies to the effect of "hurr, you're a law student and you gave up dat easy?" Those people can choke on a phallus; I'm just giving credit where it's due, per the rules. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!