Hey fellow Redditors! I'm a male myself and I just have trouble equating female rape with male rape. I perfectly understand that non-consensual sex is rape regardless of gender, and I encourage all men who have been sexually abused to immediately seek help, but I have trouble feeling as bad for men who are raped and it's hard for me to weigh the impact of that rape on their lives. The reason is because whenever I think of women getting raped, I think of a strong (and sometimes old) man who clearly has power of a much weaker woman forcing her to do things that she finds derogatory. The fact that women are the prominent gender in the sex slave trade doesn't help. That only makes me feel like a man raping a woman is essentially treating her like property and belittling her humanity. Also, although I can't prove this scientifically, we all know at least that society views men as horny fucks who are out there just to fuck women. This evokes some feeling in me that women are men's "prey" and they are the victims who have to put up with this feeling of worthlessness. Whenever I think of a man getting raped however, I think of a guy who has had a little too much to drink and is being coerced into sex by a woman who finds him attractive. Yeah, he may not want to have sex with her, and yeah at that point he is way too weak to resist, but because he's a man, there's something inside of me that feels like he can deal with this and it's simply just another night that didn't go so well. Now as for gay men, that's different and I can sympathize with them more, especially if they were the ones who were penetrated. Even though I feel that way with gays, I still don't think of rape of gay men as bad as rape of women. I guess I may see being penetrated unwillingly as worse than having to penetrate someone against your will. But the fact that toughness and security are associated with males and feebleness and innocence are associated with women also doesn't help. I really do hate my stance on this because I like to think of myself as a benevolent person who wants the common good for everyone. Please tell my why I should think of male rape as bad as female rape. Again, I really want my view to change. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!