I don't particularly hold this view dearly, I just expect there might be some budding historians on Reddit with more information! It was influenced mostly by [this article] , which is fascinating if you just fancy some historical reading. Basically, if Napoleon has won at Waterloo, and completed his conquest of Europe (bar Russia, of course, and maybe England), the continent would have flourished economically, socially and politically, more so than now. I will highlight the main points below. 1. Revolutionary domestic reforms which all of Europe would have continued to benefit from. "Yet he said he would be remembered not for his military victories, but for his domestic reforms, especially the Code Napoleon, that brilliant distillation of 42 competing and often contradictory legal codes into a single, easily comprehensible body of French law. In fact, Napoleon's years as first consul, from 1799 to 1804, were extraordinarily peaceful and productive. He also created the educational system based on lycees and grandes ecoles and the Sorbonne, which put France at the forefront of European educational achievement. He consolidated the administrative system based on departments and prefects. He initiated the Council of State, which still vets the laws of France, and the Court of Audit, which oversees its public accounts. He organized the Banque de France and the Legion d'Honneur, which thrive today. He also built or renovated much of the Parisian architecture that we still enjoy, both the useful - the quays along the Seine and four bridges over it, the sewers and reservoirs - and the beautiful, such as the Arc de Triomphe, the Rue de Rivoli and the Vendome column." Napoleon was an extraordinary governor. Many of his reforms are what the rest of Europe based their institutions on, only much later. 2. Napoleon was a lover, not a fighter. In September 1805, Austria invaded Napoleon's ally Bavaria, and Russia declared war on France as well. Napoleon swiftly won the ensuing War of the Third Coalition with his finest victory, at Austerlitz in 1805. The next year the Prussians also declared war on him, but they were soundly defeated at Jena; Napoleon's peace treaty of Tilsit with Russia and Prussia followed. The Austrians declared war on France once more in 1809, but were dispatched at the Battle of Wagram and signed yet another peace treaty. Napoleon started none of those wars, but he won all of them. After 1809 there was an uneasy peace with the three other Continental powers, but in 1812 he responded to France's being cut out of Russian markets - in violation of the Tilsit terms - by invading Russia. That ended in the catastrophic retreat from Moscow, which cost him more than half a million casualties and left his Grande Armee too vitiated to deter Austria and Prussia from joining his enemies Russia and Britain in 1813. Bar the Russian Invasion mistake (and I will concede that it was a hell of a mistake), Napoleon did not display the characteristics of a warmonger. Upon his return from exile, his charisma as a leader ensured he reclaimed the throne without shedding a drop of blood, as each army sent to fight him joined him immediately. When he was condemned by the allies in the Vienna Declaration, he wrote to them - "After presenting the spectacle of great campaigns to the world, from now on it will be more pleasant to know no other rivalry than that of the benefits of peace, of no other struggle than the holy conflict of the happiness of peoples." You can argue that it was just posturing, but there is no precedent to suggest it was not genuine. He told his council that he had renounced any dream of reconstituting the empire and that "henceforth the happiness and the consolidation" of France "shall be the object of all my thoughts." He refrained from taking measures against anyone who had betrayed him the previous year. "Of all that individuals have done, written or said since the taking of Paris," he proclaimed, "I shall forever remain ignorant." He immediately set about instituting a new liberal constitution incorporating trial by jury, freedom of speech and a bicameral legislature that curtailed some of his own powers; it was written by the former opposition politician Benjamin Constant, whom he had once sent into internal exile. He immediately set about refunding the art galleries and public buildings of Paris, in the 12 weeks before the war would begin. 3. Liberalism in the rest of Europe would have thrived. If Napoleon had remained emperor of France for the six years remaining in his natural life, European civilization would have benefited inestimably. The reactionary Holy Alliance of Russia, Prussia and Austria would not have been able to crush liberal constitutionalist movements in Spain, Greece, Eastern Europe and elsewhere; pressure to join France in abolishing slavery in Asia, Africa and the Caribbean would have grown; the benefits of meritocracy over feudalism would have had time to become more widely appreciated; Jews would not have been forced back into their ghettos in the Papal States and made to wear the yellow star again; encouragement of the arts and sciences would have been better understood and copied; and the plans to rebuild Paris would have been implemented, making it the most gorgeous city in the world. TL;DR - Napoleon was an all round great dude, and great leader who accomplished so much in such little time. If he had stayed in power for the 6 more years until his death, France and Europe would have benefitted greatly from it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!