I believe that Congress should have only one chamber, rather than two, one with proportional representation (the House of Representatives), and one with fixed representation (the Senate). The process by which a bill goes through Congress seems to me to be unnecessarily complicated by having two chambers, and I believe the legislative process would run more smoothly with only one. As it stands, bills have to start in one chamber, then go to the other, then fly back and forth between them as many changes are made, sometimes only to be changed back, and multiple votes have to be taken when one would suffice. It gets particularly slow and unproductive when the chambers are controlled by opposite parties. I can't think of anything two chambers can do that one can't do better. Changes to bills can be good, but that can happen internally, it doesn't need to be external. There is no need to have different committees in different chambers, one set of committees in one chamber would suffice. One chamber suffices for floor debate, and, most importantly, one chamber is all that is needed to pass legislation and to represent the people. An extra chamber is nothing more than an extra complication, that slows the process but adds nothing to it to improve the quality of legislation, and just leads to more political theatre and less productivity. Obviously, such things will exist regardless, but the existence of two chambers exacerbates the problem. I just don't see any real advantage to this mess. Even the people who created this system didn't really desire two chambers, it was merely an acceptable sacrifice to reach a compromise between people desiring proportional and fixed representation. I think people would be able to understand the legislative process a lot better if it was clearer, and the process would overall just be more efficient with no loss in the quality of legislation. Note: I intentionally did not discuss which form of representation I would prefer, proportional, fixed, mixed, or other. I do have a preference, but I consider that a separate issue from the number of chambers. EDIT: I have been convinced that under our current system, this would not be feasible. However, I think that if elections were publicly funded, or some other means of comprehensive campaign finance reform, and gerrymandering were similarly eliminated, that it would then be beneficial to have a unicameral legislature, with the same proportional system as the House of Representatives. This would allow the voters to have the power they should have anyway that would be sufficient to help keep the system under control. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!