For the purpose of this post, I am defining "capitalism" as a relatively free market system, with private ownership of the means of production. "Socialism" is defined as a system in which the government owns the means of production, and distributes all things necessary for decent quality of life (food, water, shelter, education, health care, etc) for free to all minors and any adult either working, seeking work, or enrolled in school. I understand that this definition is more specific than the true definition of socialism, but I want to preempt any arguments suggesting that people won't look for work if everything is provided for them anyway; they won't be provided for unless they contribute. Also, please note that I am not advocating any specific system of governance; I don't want a debate about the merits of direct democracy. Assume that the system of governance is something effective and relatively democratic, unless there is a compelling reason why my definition of socialism ensures ineffective government. With that out of the way, here is my justification. I believe that capitalism ensures exploitation of the lower-classes. The winners in a capitalist system are nearly always those who were born into relative wealth already. Even the rags-to-riches stories of our time, such as Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, they were all born into at least lower-middle class. Those trapped in poverty are normal people, who usually work much harder than the people at the top, and get nothing for it. I don't mean to put down high-ranking executives, or other wealthy individuals, but I think that if capitalism is designed to benefit those who work hard, it's doing a shoddy job. Look at all the people in America, one of the world's wealthiest countries, who have to work two or three jobs to stay afloat, through no mistake or irresponsibility of their own. It's just not fair. And that's the real problem with capitalism; it isn't fair. Global capitalism causes enormous waste, while billions starve. Cyclical poverty disproportionately affects minority citizens within the US, and non-European cultures around the world, proving the system is not only oppressive of impoverished people, but also a system of racial oppression. Not only is it bad for people, but I believe capitalism is also bad for the environment. The reason for this is that there is no real profit motivation for companies to try to help the environment. Sure, a corporation can get a few extra sales by slapping a "Green!" or "Eco-Friendly" sticker on their product, but there is no incentive for corporations to do anything but the very minimum for the environment. Government regulations help, but they only go so far, and are difficult to enforce when companies can simply relocate their factories to places with less stringent regulations (and often less worker-protection, to boot). So, with those reasons put out for why capitalism is bad, here's why I think socialism is better. Socialism prevents needless death and suffering by ensuring that everyone who contributes gets everything they need for a healthy life. Socialism ends cyclical poverty by giving everyone a chance at education, without worries about putting food on the table. Socialism is better for rewarding the hard-workers and punishing the slackers, because without unfair head starts going to rich kids entering the workforce, the real cream will rise to the top (there would be variable wages and such; the government employers could offer raises and promotions to their best workers). Socialism is better for the environment, because the government could have direct control, and would have much more incentive to manage the environment in sustainable ways than short-term-minded corporations. I guess I can go further in depth in my replies, if needed. I'm looking for a good debate, and maybe a change of heart. Change my view! EDIT: OK all, so I have been persuaded by a combination of factors that socialism as I define it is not as good as capitalism with generous welfare policies and heavy regulations (think Nordic model). I'll be giving out deltas now. I will continue debating as well, but I think I'm done for now. I will resume later. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!