This is something that I just have such a hard time understanding. For years we have been stuck with having cable or satellite subscriptions that are overly priced and force you to pay for large bundles of channels that you might not even want. Streaming services like Hulu and Netflix have offered a great way to circumvent that process at a much more affordable price and are completely changing the way we view content. And yet I still see so many people getting so wound up over watching ads on Hulu. My perception of their argument is this: "I pay for Hulu, so I shouldn't have to see ads." Maybe I'm over-simplifying it, but I just haven't seen any other viable argument that really says anything beyond that. Now, I should say I definitely understand hating ads. I live in the city, and I can't walk ten feet out my door without someone trying to sell me something. We are over-saturated by advertising and it's awful. Thankfully with more options to block advertising on the internet, it's forcing advertisers to create ads that are more entertaining and feel less obtrusive (although, sometimes it does also force the opposite). But even though I hate advertising as much as a lot of people do, I still recognize it as a vital part of what makes television work, and since I really like being able to know what happens on my favorite shows every week, I don't get my panties in a twist over it. I see a lot of people getting wound up who have little understanding of how a service like Hulu works. I'm certainly not an expert either, but I have an understanding of how the licensing process works and how expensive it can be. Netflix may be able to get by without ads, but Hulu offers something that Netflix doesn't: content from television that is current and has recently aired. Netflix usually won't provide new episodes of a show until an entire season is finished. And even then, it might be a few months until even that happens. The only current content they do have is their own original programming, which they can get away with because they own the licenses and don't have to pay any licensing fees or performance royalties to any outside production company. I've seen a lot of my favorite shows on Hulu have episodes be online just hours after it airs on live TV. Since I dropped cable years ago, this is one of my favorite things about it. I don't necessarily like that advertising is part of my subscription, but I also realize that Hulu has to license this content from production companies, who have had a history of being apprehensive when it comes to embracing changing technologies. They are likely charging much higher licensing fees and royalties which means that Hulu in turns has to find other sources of income beyond subscription fees in order to make it work. Not to mention that the networks themselves probably have their own fees since they probably have exclusivity deals with the production companies who make the programming. People are so quick to jump to the "X company is a bunch of greedy corporate whores" argument without understand the major complexities that go into making a service like Hulu work. I'm sure Hulu is well aware that their subscribers don't like watching ads. "I don't like watching ads" is even an option in their survey when you cancel your account. People went on the same tirade when Netflix raised its prices, and I remember thinking the same thing then. I think that people's displeasure with advertising will ultimately shift services in the direction of removing advertising, but I still think that's a long way off. Streaming services, despite being around for several years now, are still in their infancy in a lot of ways. It's going to take a while to allow everyone to adapt and a lot of companies will be resistant to it in the hopes they can retain their old business models. But I don't see any of this as the fault of Hulu for using advertising. So my real curiosity here is to find an argument against Hulu's advertising that I haven't seen. I see so many people upset about it, but I feel like my only understanding of their argument is that they're spoiled and don't want to see ads, which I recognize can be straw-manning on my part. I'd like to see if someone can shift my bias and provide me some insight I'm not aware of. EDIT: uceader is the one who ultimately changed my view. I'm still kind of skeptical about some people's criticisms towards Hulu, but I'm definitely more understanding of why people don't want to pay for ads. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!