Not really an opinion so much as a prediction, but its still a view I hold. My prediction is based on a number of factors and you can address any or all of them or bring up new issues I haven't thought of. 1) Unpopular: The draft for the war in Vietnam was extremely unpopular with massive protests and draft dodging. After the draft was eliminated the protests died down even as the war continued. It seems that America will support a lot of military activity (Iraq War 1 2, Afghanistan, etc) as long as they are not personally forced to serve. 2) No close border crisis: Other modern developed countries have forced selective service (South Korea, Israel) but usually these countries face bordering existential crises to their very existence. America does not have this, has not ever had this, and presumably will not ever have this and so there is no need to have millions of men and women be conscripted every year for a tour of duty. 3) Nuclear Weapons: America may face small attacks here and there but no nation state large enough to possibly overthrow the United States government seems likely to attack for fear of nuclear weapons retaliation. While 911 was a tragedy, there was no hope of terrorists taking over the country or overthrowing the government. The only world forces strong enough to do this would be large nations with large militaries of their own and if they did have a mainland ground force invasion of US soil it would almost guarantee a nuclear response. 4) Women, and the out of shape: This is a minor reason but none the less I'll bring it up for discussion. In a modern draft there would be seemingly no way for women to avoid serving. Currently women face demanding physical aptitude tests to qualify for the most demanding positions or in some cases are barred from service for fear they will not be able to handle the physical requirements of the job (front line combat, Navy Seals, etc). In the 21st century when men and women have equal rights and are largely treated equally there would be pushback if those less capable of serving were thought to be more likely to get an easier or safer assignment. This would create a race to the bottom for applicants seeking to avoid dangerous duty. Furthermore the vast majority of Americans are overweight, out of shape, and would require extensive training to become combat ready. If diabetes, heart conditions, obesity, or any number of conditions would disqualify a person from service I imagine people would quickly engage in unhealthy habits (or bribe doctors) in order to avoid service. 5) Conscientious objectors: In previous generations there was a much stronger sense of duty, warrior culture, and sense of imminent danger which cultivated a value in service. In the modern world, where people increasingly distrust their government, have more access to information, and are more likely to have diverse religious and philosophical views I do not see the public getting behind any major military involvement that would require a draft. I would imagine there would be a rush to qualify yourself as a conscientious objector to the war in order to avoid combat even if that individual didn't feel that way immediately prior to the draft. Please change my view!