I been using Google Chrome as far as I remember (probably since 2010) and it's been my default browser on all the computerslaptops I've used. Chrome was fast, reliable and most of all it had a great materials design. Having said all that, recently Chromes has failed to live up to its name. Many browsers out there have the same if not better look and feel which also hold up in the speed department. To put it simply, other browsers has closed, if not overtaken the Chrome and everything it stood for. Saying that you use Chrome means nothing anymore, and might as well use IE (or the incarnation Spartan) Edit: Also the memory usage by Chrome is crazy. I can't comment on the memory usage by Firefox haven't used it that much Please change my view Edit 1: I'm off to bed. I'll be back in the morning (Australian morning) Edit 2: I do see now that Chrome is still innovating, but not so much on the aesthetics, but rather helping developers and making better websites. Also, after reading most a lot of comments (thank you for that), I see now that Chrome is more than a browser but rather a platform. It offers a wide range of features (Hangouts, Sync, etc) that no other browser can match at the moment. Thank you for your replies Edit 3: My intentions were never to show that Chrome or Firefox insert any browser name are bad and you shouldn't use them. My intentions were to understand why or why not is Chrome overrated by society (especially on the internet). Edit 4: RIP my inbox. Thank you, for the replies Also, I am aware that the word overrated is misspelled Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!