I think it's a dystopic society that would want to prevent people from leaving this world. If someone wants to go, they should be able to. If there is any meaning in calling life "free" then one should freely be able to leave at their discretion. Raising the rails could be argued for as a preventative measure for someone throwing someone else off the bridge, but that's not what I'm interested in. Should it be raised as a preventative for suicide. I don't think suicide is as much of a problem as we think. "People shouldn't commit suicide" - this belief stems from Middle Age christian era and seems to have been passed on from generation to generation. I don't have any scientific knowledge, in fact I don't think there can even be any scientific knowledge that can imply a reasoning such as this. It seems to me to be an idea that could be true and also may not be true. Further, who am I to judge that someone else's life with someone else's perspective that it is always wrong to kill oneself? Surely even with a simple cost-benefit analysis it can sometimes be ok. I still understand the sadness that arises when someone does it, but it's not because they've done it, it's because of where they must've been to want to do it. Sure, I'll admit that raising them may prevent a few cases, but someone that is intent on doing will still climb over it. But I don't know for sure that it will, there's no evidence to my knowledge that supports this. Then there's also the side that raising the bars will make the initial altitude higher and increase the acceleration of the falling person increasing the likelihood of death from the impact. For those who don't want to change my mind, I'm interested in hearing your arguments that support my opinion also. Thanks! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!