GONNA START OFF RIGHT NOW BY SAYING I DON'T LIVE BY THIS RULE. Reasons being: 1. I am 16 and (obviously) live with my family still, I don't have a job or any personal income to speak of. I don't have the financial independence to live by this creed. 2. It sounds like not much fun One of those reasons is pretty valid and one definitely isn't. I believe this because it just makes the most logical sense to me. Why on earth would it be fair for me to walk around with a new pair of shoes when there's people I can see in my own damn neighborhood who can't afford a square meal, to speak nothing of comfortable clothing? It's just...wrong. That's why I think that as soon as somebody has their basic needs and some reasonable, modest comforts like a TV, and air conditioning, any more money past that should go to a charity, or similarly be used for good. I'm really, really not trying to be high and mighty about this. I don't live like this, and honestly even when I move out and start making my own money I don't think I'd be able to bring myself to throw out the PC and the cellphone and the car. I also don't think there's any non-arbitrary specific point where it could be declared that someone is being selfish with their money, and also everybody's definition of "basic needs and modest comforts" is probably different. I think you still get my meaning. I still believe, speaking in idealistic terms, it's unjustifiable to keep to yourself what would be best spent saving others. EDIT: My V has been C'd! uLesserFrigateBird made a good comment please read it. Keep the responses coming if you want though! EDIT2: A couple of challenges have been along the lines of, "where do you draw the line on what's a basic need and what's frivolous spending?" to which I'd have to respond, "I don't know but I think you catch my drift." Obviously if we were going to codify this belief into law there would need to be a strict number or strict criteria but on an individual basis, even though it'd be different from person to person, I think everybody knows roughly what's a reasonable need or desire and what's too much. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!