Firstly- I'm a Brit, so if I'm missing some massive cultural point of order here apologies! While having a conversation over the phone about a movie (the name of the movie never came up, so I will preface this post by saying I haven't actually seen said movie) in which a black student at an Ivy league school started a radio station directed at "White People," during this conversation a couple of things came up such as how the black students disapproved of a house of only black students being changed in the future so that students would mix normally (which sounds to me like an attempt to abolish outdated segregatory measures- although again I haven't seen the movie). This is the context of my post- apparently this film culminates with a party in which people are invited to show up dressed as stereotypical elements of culture framed in an attempt to trap the students into going to a party founded on fundamentally racist ideals. The movie then ends with clips from colleges over America having these kinds of parties. Now I can't imagine many people are foreign to party themes which now could be labelled as cultural appropriation- the most common being "Cowboys and Indians" which are nowadays quick to be labelled as racist. I guess I come to the opinion in my title from several ideas which probably all need to be challenged to change the view to which they lead. 1- Displaying stereotypes for any purpose (even one as basic as to have a good time) ultimately does no harm, causing offense or even in extreme cases devaluing the root culture (although I would dispute that) is not the same as racism which is a prejudice against another person due to the colour of their skin- there is no discrimination here, other than bruised feelings no harm is done, Stereotypes are used in comedy against pretty much every imaginable definable group. 2- Britain (arguably more so than America) is a cultural melting pot, appropriation goes both ways- India started playing Cricket for example, the person I was on the phone with raised the point that appropriation is particularly when something is taken from a culture without giving a contribution back to the culture from which it was taken- which makes sense. However I would argue that the use of stereotypes in this way is not taking anything from the culture in the first place- stereotypes only occasionally reflect current cultures often far removed from the circumstance of their use. It would be like arguing against a BDSM theme for a party because we are taking from that sub-culture without contributing anything (Before people jump out and point out the strawman here those involved in the BDSM community have faced a persecution and prejudice for their activities which although are changeable- which skin colour is not in most cases the basic premise is still close enough to be metaphorically accurate) 3- Cultures benefit from cultural appropriation- it raises awareness and increases immersion in the native culture. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!