Clearly, X is better than Y, for a number of reasons. 1. Pronunciation. Saying X has a stronger, more powerful sound than saying Y, which only manages to sound a bit whiny, perhaps because is is too close to "why." 2. Exclusivity. Only about 300 words in English start with X. Y starts over 700 (per Wolfram-Alpha, and this appears to include proper nouns). X appears in only 0.15 of English words, while Y appears in far more. I could not find an estimated percentage, but so many adverbs end in "ly" that it rather proves my point. Even though it's so exclusive, it is so much more versatile, as shown below. 3. Consistency. X is always a consonant. Y? Well, it cannot make up its mind. 4. Scrabble. X is worth twice as many points (8:4). 5. Use in math. First, x is almost always the first letter used as you learn algebra. This could go with consistency above as well, but the x-axis shows the constant, stable variable. 6. Appearance. X has a strong, stable stance. Y looks like it could topple over in a slight breeze. 7. Sex. Our favorite word not only has X right in it, but the whole last 23 of the word sounds like saying X. Y? Nowhere to be found, unless it tags along to make something sexy. Not to mention the uses of XXX, and the fact that fairer sex is made up of X chromosomes. Y gives us baldness, hairy backs, and emotional immaturity. 8. History. Malcolm X, not Malcolm Y. There's even "American History X." 9. Versatility in other areas. X can be used to show that something is crossed out, used as a check mark to indicate the choice on a form, used in cartoons to show that a person is dead, used in medicine (x-rays), used to show treasure on a map, 10. X. 11. No one has ever died in a state spelled with an X. Kentucky, New Jersey, New York, and Wyoming combine for 10 of the deaths in the US each year I somehow came up with the 4 Y states off the top of my head and also thought there were no X states. New Mexico and Texas. 12. If you're talking about unknown items, you always say "X is better than Y," never "Y is better than X." EDIT: It worked. I was forced to rethink some of my strongest points. I still may think that X is better, but I can see that Y has its merits and can sometimes be even superior. Very clever responses in many cases, and I'm afraid I'll be banned for giving out too many deltas to people who make me rethink each point. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!