Hello everyone, with all the media coverage lately regrading transgender individuals I find myself uneducated on the particular subject and would love to be enlightened on the topic. I support the rights and henceforth of lesbians, gays, and bisexuals but can't wrap my head around the idea of transgenderism. From a purely medicalbiological standpoint, it doesn't seem as if one should be able to claim to be the opposite gender when scientifically they have been classified to be the other. Even with the surgeries and artificial hormone replacements, wouldn't the artificial nature of these changes render the claim illegitimate? From a societal standpoint, obviously the idea of gender identity is one that has, for a majority of human history, been based around a singular core fact - we have two genders, man and woman, and you are either one or the other. Is there more to this perceived truth, or is transgenderism the result of a mental nuance that simply appears now because of the emergence of rights for the LGBT community, but has in fact, always been there? This post isn't meant to attackoffendetc. anyone, and again if I seem ignorant on the subject it is only because frankly I am and am only here to be educated. Thanks for any responses that can help me understand. Edit: Thanks to everyone who's contributed (positively); I've learned a lot from this thread such as gender vs. sex, gender dysphoria, transgender vs. transsexual, etc. I definitely feel I have a better grasp of trans as a whole. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!