We've all heard the saying that a Jack of All Trades is a Master of None. I'm not here to say that this is completely true and that if you are good at many things you will never be a "master" at some skill or aspect of your life. What I am willing to argue is that benefits of being a Jack of All Trades far outweighs the benefits of being a master of one or few "trades." For starters, the possibility of finding the thing that truly makes you happy and satisfied in life is lessened quite significantly if your endeavors are honed into a certain subject at an early age. The amount of time you spend on a certain skill, hobby, or whatever it may be is inversely related on the amount of time you spend on other aspects of your life. It is my opinion that when you decide on your calling and devote yourself almost entirely to it, you miss out on other precious and interesting opportunities that your life could include otherwise. There is no doubt in my mind that abundant success in life is generated by the willingness to make a sacrifices for the thing that you believe that you want the most. It is up to the individual to decide what matters to them the most. Personally though, I think this is such a misguided approach to life that often leaves people feeling unfulfilled when they approach an advanced age. Is "success" in life really that valuable to humans that they are willing to give up so much of their time to a specific task? The need to be recognized and respected as a master of a particular aspect of life is a major driving factor of the sacrifices people make. A Jack of All Trades in my opinion does not mean you have to be great or even good at the things that you try once, or even do on a regular basis. For sanity's sake though, let's just say a Jack of All Trades is "good" at many things and a Master is "great" at one thing. When you set your focus on being great at one aspect of your life, there is the potential to backseat so many other important things in your life. I think, perhaps, this is best explained with an example. I have a co-worker who is one of the most vocally well-versed, decorated, and revered employees at the company at which I am employed. I am still quite young, and I just graduated college and he is one of my mentors. Working with him has really shown me what true mastery looks like. However, he spends at least 60 hours a week at work for no real reason other than the fact that he is potentially obsessed with his work. At his age, I know for a fact he would rather be spending time with his grand kids; he doesn't view time the same way most others do, and as a result ends up leaving the office at 7 o'clock every night. I try not to work overtime unless we are really running behind on a project, because while I love my job, I don't feel the need to devote myself fully to the task. As a result, I am able to focus on so much else and I am not constantly thinking about one specific thing. The ability to detach myself from my career after I leave the office (or job site) really seems to subconsciously effect the rest of my day. I feel more energized when I workout and I don't mind studying other things or brushing up on languages other than English. I also get the opportunity to socialize more with friends when I leave work on time. Having weekends off means I have the potential to do whatever I want and I can pick up new hobbies along the way. So in short I am sacrificing the potential to be great at one thing for the potential to be good (or maybe even just experience) many other things. Please don't relegate this to being a work-a-holic and not being a work-a-holic. This was purely a life example that directly relates to the topic at hand. I am sure it is possible to be a Master of one or more things and still be good at a lot of other things, but my main point is that a Jack of All Trades is a much more interesting and fulfilling approach to life than dedication to a singular practice. Edit Here is the delta, thanks AnecdotallyExtant I will change your view with a single diagram. It will demonstrate that in order to become a master of one, a person must first become a Jack of all. As an anecdotal example: I am myself somewhere right around the transition between the eighth and ninth picture in that diagram. But I am also the handiest person I know around the house. I can and regularly do fox everything in my house nearly worthless with cars, but the home I'm solid. So again, to become a master of a single trade, one must first become a jack of all. Or one cannot understand his or her own trade out of context. This is why we start our educations in kindergarten and not in graduate studies. A wide, solid, strong and synthetic knowledge base is an absolute a priori necessity. Which means that it can only follow that a master of one is superior, because it includes a thorough training in the jack of all. Please read below if you want to see the diagram. Many others had the same argument, but you approached it from an angle that makes sense. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!