This is an issue I feel passionate about, but I also understand my views are not that developed. Very curious to say what the responses are! Juveniles are given special treatments in trials, there is a focus on rehabilitation an integration back into society. This makes a lot of sense to me, children are still learning and don't have much freedom in life. Many of their choices and actions are an immediate cause of their situation, and removing them from that could potentially help. Not to mention, the focus on punishment in adult courts can likely lead to training a kid to be an offender for life, Trying a kid as an adult circumvents all of that, and ignores the fact that society expects persons under 18 years of age to need additional supervision and warrant more rehabilitation in the case of crimes. It seems so juvenile that someone who commits a worse crime (and is more in need of rehab) would magically be considered an adult just because of severity. Do actions make someone an adult, or age and experience? EDIT: I think it is also important to consider there is a growing amount of evidence that states adolescence continues up until 25[1]. Also, many cases that have children tried as adults aren't emancipated minors, it's typically just due to severity. I would consider an emancipated minor tried as an adult more logical, but possibly more morally wrong for a society to do. Emancipation isn't generally a happy thing, and often due to poor circumstances.... more rehabilitation would likely make sense, but I see how it would be logical for a system. [1] Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!