First off, as a male who was circumcised at birth, I am glad that I was circumcised. Any associated pain does not exist to me because I cannot remember it, in the exact same way that pain associated with other surgical procedures I have had under general anesthesia as an adult does not exist because I cannot remember it. The WHO currently recommends male circumcision for HIV prevention and "as part of a comprehensive HIV prevention package." It is primarily recommended in areas with high incidences of HIV, but given its demonstrated effect at reducing the spread of the virus I prefer to have any added protection possibly available. I would plan to infer the same protection to any hypothetical children born at this time, especially considering that the complication rates here are significantly lower than in the areas where it is most strongly recommended by the WHO. Living in the midwest U.S. it is culturally nearly expected, with 70-80 prevalence. Because of this, many to most potential sexual partners in my area (including myself, as a gay male) prefer the aesthetic of a circumcised penis. With the research consensus demonstrating no adverse effects on sexual performance, I see no reason to not stick with the cultural norm. What may help change my view: Scientific studies demonstrating prolonged psychological damage due to infant male circumcision. Scientific studies demonstrating that complication rates and severity in the U.S. outweigh potential benefits due to HIV resistance. Scientific evidence that circumcised males in the U.S. are demonstrably less satisfied with their sex lives than uncircumcised males. What will not help change my view: "People should be allowed to chose." Parents are wholly responsible for their children's health and well-being until they are capable of making those decisions on their own. Circumcision complication rates increase dramatically with age. "If everyone stopped doing it, it wouldn't be culturally expected anymore." Yeah, not going to happen any time soon. I am talking the choice for parents to circumcise in areas of the U.S. where it is highly prevalent today. TL;DR: Not traumatized by own circumcision, culturally expected, 1 to HIV prevention. CMV.