There was a younger child who was deaf at my showing of Jurassic Park. He was constantly making loud "woo-ing" noises throughout the entire movie, being quite the disturbance. Edit: He may have another disability as well, it was difficult to tell. Deafness was the only apparent one. Much of the audience was clearly uncomfortable, but didn't want to ask his guardians or someone from the theater to get him to leave. I was having quite the moral dilemma about it, I didn't ask either, so I'm not saying that anyone was in the wrong about staying quiet. Perhaps he shouldn't have been at the movie to begin with because of the graphic nature of the film, but that wouldn't have been enough to ask him to leave. So, change my view. Even though this child had a clear disability and the disability is why he was being a disturbance, it should be okay for him to be kicked out without repercussion. Edited for grammar. Edited for clarity. Edit: Also I'm an idiot, it was Jurassic World, not Jurassic Park. Deltas: 1. [Changed my view on: he should go to the movies. However, I think that he shouldn't have stayed at the movies after causing the disturbance.] 2. [Changed my view on: Well, this was just a good point about repercussions.] 3. [Changed my view on: If he should have been kicked out. There are legal ramifications on kicking him out.] 4. [Changed my view on: well, retracted my view on repercussions] 5. [Changed my view on:...well, retracted my change on view about legal ramifications] Things I do still believe: his guardiansparents should have quieted him or had him leave, but he shouldn't have been kicked out of the movie. If I had spoken to an usher, then the usher could have asked him edit: his guardians to be quiet, but that's all I could have expected. Edit: maybe it would be okay for him to be removed still, struggling with this one. Edit: I shouldn't approach the guardians. Otherwise I would expect to get a refund and go see the movie another time. What a weird conclusion. Without all of the strikethroughsedits: "his guardiansparents should have quieted him or had him leave. If I had spoken to an usher, then the usher could have asked his guardians to be quiet. Maybe it would be okay for him to be removed still, I'm struggling with this part still. I shouldn't approach the guardians. Otherwise I would expect to get a refund and go see the movie another time. Current struggle points: Is his time enjoyment more valuable than the rest of the moviegoer's combined? What are arguments against him going to a time dedicated to childrenfamilies, a time with significantly less viewers, or some other method of viewing that wouldn't have caused a disturbance to others? Irrelevant at this point: I know I can ask the manager for a refund andor leave. That doesn't address my view, or change it. Update: At this point, I will only respond to those I feel like are making a good case or I want more information from. I highly encourage continued posting, I am reading absolutely everything and genuinely interested in what people are saying. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!