I often see any talk about rape go hand in hand with two sides: people advocating increased safety of all people, and people defending victims of rape by saying that information triggers victims, and therefore the information ends up at ends. This includes language such as "Pepper spray can deter attackers of any kind, and therefore it is strongly recommended that ANYBODY carries it with them at all times." or "Hot zones for crime include times after dusk and before dawn, so it is advised to travel in groups at this time to deter attackers." People rage at this information saying that I should not ask anything of the victim, and that this information is useless. People often use the argument "We should teach people NOT TO RAPE" My issue here is that the suppression of this information in lieu of pursuing an idealistic rape-free culture neglects the current standing of our surroundings, and that dangerous people still exist, and will exist for the foreseeable future. I see no harm in telling anyone that safety is important, and that there are very cogent steps to significantly lower your risk of being attacked andor raped. The only instance I would excuse my previous statement would be people telling actual victims of rape what they COULD have done. This does nothing to change what happened, and is a slimey thing to do. Maybe this is just an Anti-SJW rant that I didn't even know I was making, or maybe I have an actual argument here. If I am not clear on this classic argument, I would appreciate some clarity, and am always open to thoughtful and courteous discussion. Please no flaming, arguing, or fighting. Thank you! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!