I am a cynical man. I don't believe in heroes, and so I'm prepared to change my view on this. THe trouble is, every last bit of news I hear about the current Middle East conflicts goes only to reinforce my ever-growing belief that the Kurds are the only group involved with any moral high ground. 1) The Kurds espouse a number of western values that are largely absent in the region. Only The Kurds and the (middle and lower class) Iranians show any tendency to respect women's rights or treat them as equals deserving of respect or status. The Kurds have women in their military, and even their conservative tribal organizations can have Matriarchs in charge of political and military decisions. 2) They care about more than just themselves. The Kurds have gone out of their way, at significant danger to themselves, to rescue other ethnic minorities in the region, including famously the Yazidis, who everyone else was more than happy to let ISIS literally murder, enslave, and rape at genocidal scales. 3) Their political opponents have all shown themselves to be monsters in the fullness of time. Turkey is key here. For a while Turkey managed to keep up quite a reputation as a modern secular-Islamic state. Now they're wringing their hands about how powerless they are to stop ISIS while they gleefully watch the black banner do all their dirty work for them, then step in with overwhelming force to rescue Ataturk's grave the moment it's threatened. They're bombing Kurdish targets right now while crying about ISIS. I would want independence from them too. Things that will not convince me: 1) A Kurd did something bad once. Every group consists of a bulk center and extremes on either end. It takes a pattern of ideological violence to establish that a group is responsible collectively. I need to be shown that the Kurds, as a national or cultural entity, are at least half as bad as their neighbors in terms of the actions they will routinely, officially, or systemically commit or tolerate. 2) It is advantageous to ally ourselves with monsters. Look, you can be totally right about this. I won't even argue that this isn't possible, and might even agree with you, but it does not change my view about what we, the west, should be doing. Make me a cynic again, please. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!