Consent, I think we can agree, is a basic requirement for sex to be a positive act. Consent allows for there to be communication and reassurance between whoever is involved that what they're doing, and how they're doing it, is okay with their partner (s). Consent also allows for things that would otherwise be creepy or weird to come into a positive light and expressed in a healthy way. I would consider the act of objectifying to fall under this category. For example, a woman may be creeped out if a dude right in front of her at a party is just staring at her boobs without any concern for her at all. The same act of staring at the boobs is 100 fine if it's with her boyfriend while they're having consensual sexual relations. If we take this same line of logic of consent that happens with sex and put it with masturbation, that's where I'm going with this. If you're thinking about another person in a sexual manner without them knowing about it, and then acting out that thought process by masturbating, it just seems a bit creepy to me. If I'm not allowed to objectify or do other sexual acts in person without having consent from the other person, I don't see how that wouldn't also translate over to masturbation. It's the same sexual thoughts, feelings, and intentions with the only difference being that the partner is not physically with you. Because they're not there with you, you can't ask for proper consent unless you physically ask them some other time if you can masturbate about them. This line of thought has logic to it, but it's a conclusion that I don't like to face. This line of thought potentially makes masturbation an awful act if done without consent. It also makes it an act that wouldn't be allowed if no one gave any consent to you. You might be able to say that pornography that was paid for might be consensual masturbation because the model is being paid, and is therefore willing to consent to you masturbating. Even so, this doesn't allow you to explore your sexual desires outside of straight up porn unless someone says it's okay. If you asked me whether I'm for or against masturbation, I would say that I'm very pro-masturbation. The act has health benefits, relieves stress, is pleasurable, and all sorts of other fun goodies. It makes it so I don't want to come to the conclusion that I've come to that it needs strict consent about the person (s) that's involved in one's fantasies. So please, CMV! EDIT: After reading over the many replies I've gotten (thank you all) I think my view has already sufficiently changed. Consent with masturbation has more of a tendency to be harmful than helpful and positive. There's a difference between one's thoughts and actions, and masturbation causes no harm if the one being fantasied about isn't informed. There was also the argument that ones thoughts and fantasies should be their own, and no one else's. Control of your own thoughts is a human necessity, and putting a limit on them could be hazardous. As long as I keep a mental image of someone in tact of who they are, and not just seeing them as a sex object, I think it's all fine and dandy. Thanks guys. I felt like I must've been wrong with my logic somewhere, and you helped point to where. I needed that.:) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!