Socialism and its later potential follow up Communism, are great ideas and in an ideal world would create an utopia, where everyone is truly equal and there is no gap between rich and poor, in fact there are no poor and rich. However previous experiments have shown that it just does not work due to the key concept Marx himself proposed, that in order for socialism to work, the whole world has to be socialist. In this case I would propose countries like Russia (Where I am from), China and others who attempted at doing this, but I failed. The counter argument would be that these states were authoritarian and never really had socialism. However that is the very issue, which I have with socialism, due to two reasons: First, people are just not perfect enough to share all their work with others and live in communities where everything belongs to everyone, and nothing to them personally. That is the very reason why it later turned into a terrible state like Soviet Union, where there were no true elections anymore, corruption was high and some were "more equal than the others." Meaning it was not the authoritarian state, which was the cause of the failure of socialism, but people's inability to follow socialist rules, which led to the failure of the USSR in the 90s, whose system was heavily relied on Oil prices and the economy was otherwise weak. Second of all, as mentioned before, in order for Socialism to work, the whole world has to comply with it. If for example say USA will start implementing even minor socialists norms, then other countries like China, where there is no free health care or free anything for that matter, will simply out perfume costly workers of USA and take away their jobs. Which is indeed the case with things like outsourcing and not so quickly growing USA economy. The solution for USA would then be to close itself up and live in a world where there are no imports or exports, this would protect its citizens from fierce external competition, but leave USA lacking behind in progress of all kinds. Examples for this are Venezuela or Columbia. All in all, I still think that some elements of socialist systems are useful, like welfare for people who recently lost their jobs, paid mothers leave etc. However this are minor elements, which I think, should otherwise be implemented in fierce Capitalist society, where in order to succeed you cannot rely on gov. support, but 95 on yourself. Edit: I hope this is not too long of an explanation. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!