I think the real reason people punish others for transgressions is not so much to discourage the behavior, but rather to channel humanity's inherently predatory nature in a way that's socially acceptable and does not contradict with the moral values we have invented (or discovered, depending on how you look at it). Most people feel a smug sense of satisfaction if they hear about a bully being beat up, or a murderer being executed by the state. Humans, being predatory creatures, have a certain sense of bloodlust and channeling this predatory instinct towards people who are predatory allows them to continue to view themselves as not being predators, while still enjoying violence. Even bullies often justify their torments of victims as a form of punishment for not fitting the social norms, being "annoying" or acting in a way that is in their eyes unacceptable. Serial killers also often see their acts as a sort of punishment towards humanity. Rapists are often motivated by a desire to punish women. It seems like evil deeds are often motivated by a perverted sense of justice rather than mere selfishness or greed. Another reason I think punishment has more to do with humans enjoying violence than it does with stopping bad behavior is the fact that corporal punishment of children is still very popular and defended by the majority of adults. I always felt like my parents took pleasure in punishing me, so I may be biased, but I really do think parents spank their children more out of anger and frustration than out of a will to help them develop. Another reason I think it's innate is because the moral goodness of punishment is something virtually everybody agrees on. Liberals and conservatives alike usually have a "tough on crime" stance and would rather a violent criminal receive a harsh punishment even if it's more expensive and makes them less likely to be rehabilitated, than a lesser punishment that rehabilitated them more effectively. This sentiment is prevalent in every culture, even in societies like Scandinavia where the laws are more lenient. We punish people because we perceive them as "deserving it" ie, we despise them and lust for their blood because we perceive them as being no longer part of the same species, and something that needs to be predated upon for the benefit of the community. I actually think if there was no prison or capital punishment it would have very little effect on crime rates. The few people who are truly serial offenders could just be put in hospitals and the rest will eventually be released from prison anyway and will be far crazier on release after spending decades in the pen. In a nutshell, I think punishment has actually caused far more evil than it's prevented and is really just an outlet for our inherent cruelty as a meat-eating species at the top of the food chain. Punishing people we consider "bad" also has the effect of affirming our own self righteousness. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!