While I agree with a lot of what Bernie says on principal and would more then welcome him as my presidential candidate, he simply does not have what it takes to win the Democratic nomination for a myriad of reasons: (1) Huge swaths of Democratic blocs have little-to-no idea who he is. Working class Democrats, Blacks, Hispanics are all in the same boat. The only people who have a vested interest in him are college students and certain areas of the internet. No one seems to be addressing this huge discrepancy either, making the whole thing reek of another "Ron-volution." (2) Our economic problems aren't behind us by any stretch of the imagination, but we are slowly recovering and the media seems to be shifting its focus toward international affairs such as ISIL and Russia. Hilary has the advantage here as a former Secretary of State. If something happens between now and the election, it would only further her lead. (3) This one is a bit shaky, kinda sexist, and based on personal antidotes, but here it is. Mrs. Clinton is a woman. I remember in my class a few months back a straw pole my professor conducted an informal poll of who was going to voting for who and why. Almost unanimously (professor included) were in favor of voting for Hilary on the sole qualification that she was a woman and that would be good simply because it would signal to other women that they could have a career in politics. I don't necessarily agree with this mentality, but you can't argue that a lot of people will vote for her for that reason simply because of that "progressive" position. (4) Even if Hilary gaffes and scandals her way out of the nomination and hands it to Bernie on a silver platter, Republicans are going to have a field day turning this into a shit show. Mud will be slung at the Radical Vermont Socialist who'll just continue Obama's policies. Corporate interests will pile the money on. The Baby Boomers will come out in full force and vote for whoever the GOP will push out simply out of fear. A good chunk of Americans don't believe in global climate change, how in the hell are they going to vote for a socialist? I will admit that my opinion is incredibly jaded. I will also admit once more that I really want to see Bernie win, but I just can't imagine a universe where that happens. Edit: There has been a lot of great debate over the last 12 hours about this issue. Ultimately, I can't count this as fully persuaded"Bernie is going to win the nomination and take the White House." However, the never has changed to an itty bitty maybe baby. It is smaller than a gnat's stomach, but its there. Regardless, keep debating you magnificent bastards!