Countries need children in order to sustain themselves, without a younger generation the country will not advance and will not be able to sustain itself. Elderly will not be able to get social security and many problems will occur. Aside from countries which have a serious overpopulation issue, such as china. I don't really think my view is going to change here, since it's pretty scientifically backed. Countries like Japan have a serious issue mostly due to lack of children. My other view, is something I'd be happy to change. Children are bad for the individual because of many reasons. First and foremost, they cost way too much. Even if you maintain a relatively frugal lifestyle, two kids will cost you as a much the house you live in (Just throwing numbers around, I know it's not the same across all household incomes). It's also too much of a commitment. This is literally the only thing in life to which a person would commit 18 years or more, that's a quarter of your life. It's constant work, and constant worry. Sure, there are good moments, especially when the kids pass a certain age and you don't have to work 247 to keep them from killing themselves. I know several people that have lost their children to accidents, war,drugs, etc. and their lives were destroyed. I think the potential for such great tragedy greatly outweighs any potential happiness that may arise from children. This may be an extremely pessimistic view, but to put it in perspective, would you bet your entire life savings along with everything you will ever make in the future in a place where it may yield 20, or completely lose everything? I wouldn't. I'd not risk my future for any kind of returns. I'd really like my view changed. I like kids, well, some kids. But I believe my SO and I will be very good parents, and that we'll raise wonderful children. But I just can't imagine it being worth it. For reference, we're both 30, lower middle class income, currently make around 60k a year. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!