First, let me clarify by saying I don't support actual, intentional bashing of any kind, however: We see jokes about it (especially on Reddit) all the time: political correctness is reaching a ludicrous level in our everyday society. It is getting to the point where you can't even make jokes or off-hand remarks without being considered rude, distasteful, ignorant, what ever. I think this is not only not really helpful to a person or group of persons who are facing adversity, it is detrimental. It causes issues that could be making actual progress to falter and nit-pick all of the tiniest little problems they can find rather than strive for real change. It is inadvertently focussing on the negativity in society rather than trying to find a positive solution. It is my opinion that the only way to get past adversity in life is to toughen up and become immune to it and push your way through it. Real change comes about because of real actions. This post was inspired by the earlier discussion on the use of the word "cisgendered" and wether it is "normal" or wether we should then be differentiating the difference between diabetics and nondiabetics and so forth. I don't think this is a helpful debate overall. sure, if you are asking what gender someone is, it is okay, even good, to distinguish, but all I keep seeing around here, and in real life, and at an increasing rate, is how we all need to check our privilege and be more and more sympathetic; how white people can't relate to minority problems, men can't relate to women's suffrage, cisgendered people can't really understand what transgendered people go through... it just keeps getting more and more specific, and in my opinion, its just focussing everyone's attention on what is wrong with the world, and doesn't actually help us make it better. Adversity is everywhere, it hits everyone. I may be a man, but maybe my dad sexually abused me and locked me in the basement my whole childhood. That girl may be white, but maybe she was raised in a seedy part of town with a drug addicted prostitute mother. Maybe that guy is a straight white male from a nice neighborhood, but he was somehow infected with HIV and now he has AIDS. My point is, none of those people are going to get through their hardships by focussing on those things they can't change, doing so would only hinder their own growth. I can't help but think the same thing when I hear about someone getting upset about someone else using language they find to be offensive. Again, I'm not saying bullying is okay, but the line between what is considered okay to joke about, and what is borderline a hate crime seems to be getting thinner and thinner. In my eyes, trying to further political correctness is only babying everyone and hindering actual growth. TL;DR There is no relative degree of suffering, everyone has a hard life, and trying to force everyone to walk on eggshells all the time doesn't help anyone make their life better. I hope you don't think I'm terrible for thinking this way, and I would love to hear everyone's input. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!