Edit: I've been fairly convinced it's not sexist. Still maintain invasive as all heck. Carry on, thanks for getting passionate about it! Edit 2: 7 hours and only a few personal insults later.... I've heard a lot of great things I agree with but I still feel it's invasive by nature to ask that much of submitters to a general gw subreddit. Final Edit: [It's been done.] I still think it's an invasive thing to ask of someone sharing their nude body but I'm glad a community member could shed light on the creation of the subreddit. Browsing naked bodies casually when I noticed that over at rladybonersgw they require at least half of a guys face to be shown with every submission. Here's the rule with the line that made me go'wait, that doesn't make any sense...' in bold. All posts must contain at least half your face. We must clearly be able to see some of your features! I.e. mouth and noseeyes and nose. If this minimum requirement is not met, a face picture must be posted in the comments. This means that we DO NOT allow text-only posts. All posts must contain at least one image which fulfils rule two. It looks like it's enforced very often. Reasons I think this is shocking and inappropriate: Sharing yourself nude on the internet is super taboo and the vast majority of people who do, for safety and privacy, would never show part or all of their face. It seems like a really silly and irrelevant way to accomplish no text posts. If this was a rule on a female gonewild, I feel like there'd be some sort of outrage at the invasiveness. Kinda like'I'm sharing how much of myself, now everyone feels entitled to my face too?' As someone who wants to start enjoying the posts, it limits who is going to be posting which is disappointing. If the point was to avoid'floating dicks' everywhere, which makes more sense than the reasoning they give, then the amount of body shown should be the requirement. I don't think anyone should have to compromise their identity or do something many would be really uncomfortable with to be allowed to post on a subreddit. What am I missing that this rule is embraced? Disclaimer: Not an angry submitter or anything. I want to enjoy an overflowing of peen. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!