Hi! I'm trying to learn feminism which is a huge topic, and like all huge topics, has it's good and bad. I was recently introduced to the scathing disdain for the "not all men" sentiment. I'd like to start out by establishing a few things, because it's important to know that I don't support using this sentiment broadly. 1. Where a victim is grieving, confiding, venting, or however else they are dealing with a problem, it is an inappropriate time to use "not all men." The focus belongs on the victim and their healing at that time, not nitpicking their wording. 2. "Not all men," in the way I'm using it here, is actually "not all X," where X is any group in a discussion that has a broad, negative statement said toward their group. We see it most frequently thanks to the (most often deserving) scorn targeted at the "not all men" sentiment, but I do mean Not all X, where X is any group. The value of accurate language As a young boy, when I said "women are bad at math," my father corrected me. He said "some women are bad at math." When my brother said "you never let me go to town," he corrected him by saying "I usually don't, but here are the times I did." My father took issue with "global" language, as he called it, no matter what form it came in, because he saw it as harmful. Have you ever felt a burden to prove you're some blanket statements that was often leveled against your kind? "Women are bad at math," or "women cry so easily," or "blacks are stupid," or "feminist hate men." For me personally, when I saw "men are so shallow" growing up I felt a sense of hostility from the statement. It felt like a judgement against me, and I felt like I had to carry the burden to show people that even though men are shallow, I'm a man and I'm not. The point is, if we use careful speech, like "I hate it when men are shallow some men are so shallow," OR "It really bothers me a woman cries over the smallest thing" and "some women cry so easily," we avoid creating broad, negative labels. These labels can create a great sense of shame in the targeted group, and this shame fosters a sense of otherness. Instead of the shamed person feeling included or a part of something, they feel excluded. This, and the shame can also sabotage a person's self value and chance at success. By biggest concern is the sense of otherness it can create, driving away potential allies, and by god we need a lot of allies to address the institutionalized racism and sexism in most western nations. Therefore 1. I believe it is in the best interest of those seeking to address an oppressive culture to use accurate language in order to be inclusive to as many as possible, to maximize their efforts 2. Just as it is the responsibility of the privileged to not use broad, negative language to describe the oppressed, it's also (far down on the priority list) the responsibility of the oppressed to not use broad, negative language to describe the privilege. Because, really, it's a human's responsibility to a human to not use broad, negative language against a human. To a reasonable length, of course, and I d not believe adding "some" before men, women, asians, etc, is much of a stretch. Picking an appropriate time Again, the time to say "not all X" is not when a victim is trying to overcome their harm. But in casual conversation, as a small aside, it is good for all people to correct others when they use this harmful, broad language. Conclusion TL;DR: No matter the group, broad language assigning negative traits to another group is harmful, and it is our responsibility as humans to take reasonable efforts to avoid propagating this harm, starting first with ourselves, second in mild conversation, and never while a victim is trying to overcome harm. We should never become comfortable using broad, negative language. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!