I don't even know where to start. I am generally a happy and healthy person. I was raised Catholic. I am not a strict Catholic. I enjoy the community of church. I don't take everything at face value or for fact. About 8 years ago I came to terms that there is probably no Heaven. Death is just ceasing to exist. I was okay with that. I still felt we had souls or spirits. I still hoped for or had affection for the possibility of a God, even though it probably didn't exist. I still hoped for an afterlife of some sort, even though I didn't know what it would manifest as and that the chance of one was actually quite slim. I felt my children were a blessing. Their births were the most beautiful, tender days of my life. I took joy and pride in everything my kids did. Some days I would just well up with pride and happiness, so happy that our lives have been rich and lucky. Any thoughts of death or mortality were far, far from my mind. I just didn't think about those types of things. Sure, the thoughts flitted through my mind every now and then and I would think about them. I would discuss it with my spouse. Usually I would take comfort in the intense love and happiness we have and know that no matter what happens at the end, somehow we would still go on, whether it be in the hearts or memories of others, in some type of spiritsoul that survived death, in photos or videos.... The jury was out on what happens, but I was at least accepting or positive about it. Now, I feel like a shattered, empty person. As I've gotten older, I have developed high blood pressure (family history). My doctor put me on Atenolol 50mg once a day. About four days in, I started to feel sad and question my mortality and my family's mortality out of nowhere. Things just spiraled out of control after that. I learned about nihilism, atheism, existentialism, what happens after death, that we are just computers, emotions aren't real, just by-products of brain impulses.... just lots of things I never thought about before and I became incredibly depressed. Crying everyday, scared of the eventuality of our lives, the meaningless of life, the possible lack of a soul, no proof of an afterlife.... I feel like I've been down a horribly dark rabbit hole and I want to get out. I went back to my doctor and he said Atenolol, being a beta blocker, can cause depression, so he took me off of it. I was on it for two weeks. My last dose was about 96 hours ago. I'm not feeling much better. How long does it take the medication to get out of my system and for all my brain chemistry to start working again? I'm having a lot of trouble finding meaning in what I do, and what I do with my family since there's no point. We won't remember anything after we die. Why do I care if I get some award at work? What do I care if my kid gets in the school play? Why celebrate someone's birthday? I feel empty. I feel hollow. I do not want to feel like this. Could this really all be a cause of the medicine? Or did I do this to myself? Will my feelings of happiness and excitement come back? Will I find meaning again? How long until I could be "back to normal?" This current depressive state is so unlike me and nothing I have ever experienced before. I'm scared I'll always have these depressing thoughts about mortality and life's meaning that I just don't want in my head anymore. I want to rewind the last two weeks and go back to my jovial, excited, proud self that I was. I want to believe in what I used to believe in. I feel like now that I've researched what really happens after death, or researched that we probably have no souls, that we are just a product of brain chemistry, that I can never go back to how I was. I WANT to, though. I feel like now that I've gotten a peek at what we really are (sophisticated computers) that I can never be happy again. I don't want to know these truths. I want to go back to how I was. I am losing meaning in anything I do. I am becoming detatched from my children and spouse. I don't enjoy doing anything with them. It's all just a reminder that they will die someday, too. I don't want to live in a world where they don't exist, but that's where I am destined to be and it destroys me. I can't look at my kids and be happy anymore, knowing that anything we do is meaningless. Yes, I know there are the arguments that YOU have to provide meaning and make something out of the life you are given, but that doesn't help me feel better at all. It makes me feel worse. I feel like I have to work now to assign or find meaning, rather than it just naturally occurring and flowing and being part of my day-to-day life. My kid drew a picture today and happily showed me. All I could muster was a "nice job," instead of my usual effortless pride and happiness in how he was developing and growing. Each time I try to make myself feel better, I ruin it. I tell myself that it is possible all humans, animals have souls. I know there is no scientific proof right now (except for the Lanza theories which I am not sold on), but I feel it's possible for everyone to just have that essential spark in them. Then I feel better, but then realize that our consciousness is just our brains tricking us into thinking we are an "I" or we are a "self." That it's impossible for a soul to exist. Where in evolution would we even have developed one? What happened to all the beings in death who didn't have souls? Or were souls present in the primordial ooze we came from? See, that's just not realistic. I look up stuff online which just confirms this bleakness. There's no hope anymore. Pre-Atenolol me wouldn't have thought these thoughts. Now I'm destroyed by them. Now I'm just thinking that every memory I make, every experience I have is for nothing. I just want to go back to my happy, silly, proud self. Is this all just the medicine? I want to take pride in my family again. I want the little things to become important again. I want to be carefree and hopeful again. However, I feel now that I've gotten a glimpse of the dark and painful truths of our existence that I'm going to never be able to get over this crisis, never get these thoughts out of my head, and never be happy again for the rest of my life. This terrifies me. I just want to be who I was again, but it think that's impossible. Please, please change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!