I attribute my agnosticism to this very theory. Looking at the Big Bang from a purely scientific perspective, we know, or think we know, that there was absolutely nothing in our universe before the Big Bang. Now of course this nothingness is incomprehensible and even typing this it boggles my mind, but science's explanation is that nothingness caused the Big Bang. Now there are several theories to this, such as somehow two universes rubbing or colliding together which sparked the event. I'm no scientist and I'm sure people will correct me (please do), but the point is we really don't know how the Big Bang formed from what we consider to be nothing. I tend to think, though, that some conscious entity had to be the catalyst that caused the event. It would seem that if there was nothing in our universe, some extra-dimensional being from another universe would have had to insert itself into ours, which sparked the event known as the Big Bang. I believe the being to be conscious because of the intentional way in which our universe seemed to form, and life sprung up. This begins to err on the side of intelligent design, but I do believe human beings, our consciousness, feelings, empathy, etc, have to be attributed to something higher. I believe that entity to be God. Not necessarily in the Christian sense, or even that this being is benevolent, but that's my theory. Change my view. Edited post to clarify that I believe the entity to be conscious and intentional in its insertion into our universe and subsequent cause of the Big Bang and our existence. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!