The title mentions specifically a tattoo on the forearm, but the underlying premise of my argument is based on a tattoo which would not be visible in formal clothing (such as slacks and a button down) but would be visible in casual wear (shorts and T-shirt). Such a tattoo would not affect chances of college acceptance for three reasons; the ubiquity of tattoos amongst college-aged individuals, the relative unimportance of personal image in the college acceptance process, and the low chance of anyone even seeing the tattoo. According to a Pew Research Centre report, nearly 38 of college-aged individuals have a tattoo. While that is not a majority by quite a margin, it is a significant amount. Additionally, the popularity and accessibility of tattoos are steadily increasing year by year leading to a greater acceptance amongst a younger crowd. The point here is that because of their widespread nature, tattoos are no longer seen as a sign of rebellion simply because they are so commonplace. Furthermore, most colleges prefer to accept or deny students based on their applications alone, rather than on interviews. Unlike a job interview, in which personal image can make or break someone's chances of getting employment, colleges tend to focus more on scholastic and athletic merit, test scores, and lifetime achievements first. Personal image is last on the docket for a school good enough to conduct personal interviews, if even considered at all. The previous two points also assume that a college will know about this tattoo, whereas that may not even be the case. In an interview process, there is no chance that the tattoo will be exposed in formal clothing. If the tattoo is exposed after acceptance, then there is no risk of a college retroactively denying admission based on that alone. This third point is also the keystone argument when it comes to employment. For the sake of this argument, I will assume that if an employer knows about any sort of tattoo, it will result in immediately being passed over for the job. This is not consistent with reality and the first two points I make concerning college can be applied to employment as well; tattoos are slowly gaining acceptance in the workforce as the 38 of college students with tattoos graduate and seek employment, and that employers will seek to hire the most qualified candidate with less emphasis placed on personal image. But even discarding these arguments, the possibility of an employer finding out about a tattoo covered by conservative formal clothing in professional situations is nil. (As some of you may have guessed, I have posted this because I am considering getting a tattoo and want to make an informed decision before doing so. I think I have carefully considered most ways that a tattoo could impact my life, but I wanted to hear some opposing arguments I may have overlooked and figured Reddit could help me out here) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!