This CMV post is partly inspired by this rrelationships [post] I came across earlier today. This is also a topic I feel somewhat strongly about and I have not had a chance to really share my view on because it's sort of a "taboo" view to have. To sum up the rrelationships post: OP's 4 year old son is severely autistic and OP has been told by doctors that his son will never function above the level of a 1 year old and will require constant care. Son is ruining OP's life and marriage, and is negatively affecting OP's 2 young daughters as well. I do not believe the OP of that post, and the many other parents who are in a similar scenario, deserve to have their lives ruined just because they were "dealt a bad hand" and ended up with a disabled child. I think that euthanasia is a humane, simple solution to a problem like this. After all, we euthanize our loved cats and dogs that are no longer able to have a good, independent life. I don't see a fundamental difference between the two cases. As for government-owned care facilities: I don't believe it is a good use of our resources as a society to continue to take care of individuals who have no chance to ever become functional members of society. Euthanasia is a much more economically and environmentally more efficient option. What won't change my view: slippery slope"where do we draw the line" types of arguments. We are only discussing cases in which the child is beyond a shadow of a doubt unable to ever function independently. CMV. Edit: I'm deeply sorry if I offended anybody, particularly those with autismother disabilities, with this post. Please understand that I am not suggesting that anyone with autism be euthanized. My argument only applied to those who were not capable of basically doing anything besides eating, sleeping, and using the bathroom (with assistance). Anyone who is reading this post is FAR from even close to the level I'm talking about. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!