Final Edit: Thank you to everyone who contributed to this discussion! I'm pleased with how it went and the back and forth was impressively civil. Kudos! I awarded two deltas: one disputing my included claim that bicycles are more capable of maneuvering a rolling stop than cars, and one for a caveat that municipalities should have the option of restricting the law in certain zones where the dangers would outweigh the benefits. Continue the conversation! I'm ready for bed. This has been argued before, but the most recent iteration I could find was two months ago and I believe because: 1. it is part of a major national ongoing discussion in transportation circles, and 2. the post of two months ago used different reasoning than my own, It is worth revisiting Background: Idaho Statute 49-720, commonly known as the "Idaho Stop Law" or "Idaho Yield Law" is legislation allowing legal exemptions from stop signs and stop lights for people riding bicycles that was adopted in 1982. The full law can be read [here] for those interested. Paraphrased, the law states that any bicyclist approaching a stop sign must slow their speed and check for cross traffic, but may proceed without stopping if it is safe to do so. Additionally, bicyclists approaching a stop light must come to a full stop (defined as a "halt of forward momentum and may proceed through the light forward or by turning onto a cross street in either direction if it is safe to do so and the bicyclist does not impede cross traffic. My reasoning: Having lived in Idaho (among many other places both densely urban and vastly rural) and having used a bicycle as my primary means of transportation for nearly 20 years in those areas, I believe the Idaho Stop, if implemented correctly, is not only the best compromise for all forms of traffic that share the roads, but is actually beneficial to all road users. There are many reasons the law is beneficial to cyclists, from their perspective (taken from [wikipedia]: Because of the positive externalities of cycling, bicycle laws should be designed to allow cyclists to travel swiftly and easily, and this provision allows for the conservation of energy. Current laws were written for cars, and unlike cars, it is easy for cyclists to yield the right-of-way without coming to a complete stop. Because cyclists are moving slower, have stereoscopic hearing, have no blind spots and can stop and maneuver more quickly than cars, current traffic control device laws don't make sense for cyclists. With the Idaho stop, at special intersections where lights are controlled by sensing equipment, there is no need to provide extra equipment for cyclists. (This is a big problem) The usual law forces cyclists to choose between routes that are more efficient but less safe due to higher traffic volumes, and routes that are safer, but less efficient due to the presence of numerous stop signs. Allowing cyclists to treat stop signs as yield signs empowers them to legally make the safer routes more efficient. These are all logical benefits to the cyclist. As such, they should be taken into account when making decisions regarding traffic infrastructure improvements. However, give the overwhelming task of replacingimproving infrastructure long since built primarily for motor vehicles, cyclists of my generation and probably the following as well require some compromises to be able to use the streets safely and efficiently as legal vehicles (yes, bikes are considered vehicles every bit as much as cars in every state.) That said, I believe the strongest two arguments for why the Idaho Stop makes sense right now is not the benefit it provides to the cyclist exclusively, but the benefit it is to traffic flow in general. 1. Allowing bicyclists to proceed through intersections during red lights or at stop signs when it is safe to do so greatly reduces the number of bicycle riders who slow the flow of traffic through intersections. 2. By allowing cyclist to get in front of traffic, they become more visible, and in so doing, safer. The Idaho Stop allows bicycles to remove themselves from the acceleration phase of a traffic cycle, when the speed discrepancy is highest between bicycles and motor vehicles, while simultaneously allowing the cyclist as a small, slow moving vehicle to move to the front of traffic making them more visible to all road users. [The only study done on the topic in Idaho] (pdf warning) found the latter claim to be true as the number of injuries to bicycle riders in the year after implementation dropped by 14.5, with no increase in fatalities. As for the traffic flow improvement claim, I have nothing to offer other than anecdotal evidence from myself and fellow cyclists who have practiced the law. I would be open to reading any studies demonstrating evidence to the contrary if they exist. Conclusion: Ultimately, I believe the best solution for all parties is separated infrastructure for cyclists akin to what is found in the Netherlands and other bicycle-friendly European countries, such as protected bike lanes, cycletracks, and protected intersections. Many jurisdictions in the U.S.A. are moving toward implementing these necessary improvements, but timelines for such a massive restructuring of traffic flow and accompanying reeducation period stretch on, quite literally, for a lifetime. Timeline projects for some projects are on the scale of 50 years. In the meantime, I believe people who chose to ride bicycles for practical purposes ought to be encouraged and protected in doing so and the Idaho Stop Law is the best example of a working compromise available while we continue to work toward a more permanent solution. I feel strongly about this argument and have spent years debating it, but I am always open to having my view changed if the right argument arises that I haven't considered. CMV? EDIT 1: A huge caveat required to make this practical is a strong educational program to accompany the law change wherever it is affected. Schools, news organizations, government agencies, and police would have to cooperate to educated all road users about the change. It is happening in Boise right now, and can be done. EDIT 2: A good number of responses are arguing that bicyclists already break laws and this would make them more likely. Contrarily, what has been seen in Boise is that with the advent of the law, police are free to ignore bicyclists behaving in law-abiding and safe manner, and freed up to target those who are actually putting others in danger. There is nothing inherent in the law that legalizes hitting pedestrians or cutting off cross traffic, and violators who do that can more easily be identified and appropriately cited. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!