Marriage as a word comes from the Middle english word mariage, which according to sources from Wikipedia, comes from around CE. Word comes from another Old French word then to a Latin word maritare, which describes a husband and wife. Adding on top of that, many modern religions using the word to describe the ceremony as a marriage between one man and one woman, I see that the word Marriage is intrinsically religious. Now moving to modern day, Marriage is changing as many people are adding tochanging the meaning to a word that many people use as a religious word. People are getting up in arms about these and I can see their points. Marriage in a lot of religions these days is still defined as one man and one woman. Now have a courtgovernment adding tochanging that definition of that word, this is where I believe the whole issue is. The issue with people not wanting gay marriage based off religious beliefs is because a word is being used for something that it does not mean to them. Marriage isfrom religion and should keep it that way. We need to rename Marriage in the government to remove this part of the issue that the anti-gay marriage community has with it. Now I know it still won't remove the whole problem that the anti-gay community has with gay marriage but I believe it will remove everyone who dislikes that this word, that is so entrenched in religion, is being redefined by a government decision. I even see a huge problem with these, I am not religious and completely for two consenting people getting married, no matter whowhat they are. The government needs to change its vocabulary so that when you want your union to be legal, you go get a Civil Union (Or whatever we call it) from the government. But if you want to get married, you must find a religion that accepts your union. This returns marriage to Religion and I believe removes a huge part of the problems we are having in the acceptance of this practice. [Source of Etymology] HUGE EDIT: So uawa64 and ucptal has brought to my attention some information. The intrinsic nature of the word marriage that I was bringing up has some flaws. The act of marriage seems to have been more of a social thing rather than a religious thing off the bat. The church seemed to basically be the best at keeping records and the sacrament didn't come until later. So even though the nature of the word has been pretty much a religious definition for a while, the word itself is not intrinsically religious. [Here] and [Here] are their sources they brought to me. So with further communications with others, I have been bringing up that society is changing the word marriage and my view is more of a fix to speed up that change at least on the religious vs government front. The word will change in society but that takes a long time. As uGAB104 and a few others pointed out, that religion has change a bit from what it used to be. The whole owning your wife and stuff seems to come up a lot. So my view has changed a little but I still view that changing the government wording to something else would be a good thing to do as to remove the current problems that many religious people (That care about the issue) have with the definition of that word being changed. Here in this comment, I quickly chat about my experience with Mormons that have issues with gay marriage: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!