It's my view that people that drive motorcylces and cars with those loud mufflers are simply inconsiderate in that they don't care about other's peace and quiet. I've always found them annoying, say you're reading or studying at a cafe and they roar by louder than an invading Mongolian horde. God forbid they stop at a light since now you're stuck listening to that ungodly chortle for a good minute or so. I'm a single parent now and live by a fairly well travelled road. They wake my baby up consistently, and he has a hard time with his sleeping habits. It's a choice to make your vehicle that loud, not a necessity. On top of that, the rider or driver does not have to hear his most of his own racket since most of the sound is projected backwards. These people are assholes. I wish I could wake them up every 15 minutes with their own stupid vehicle. EDIT: I had no idea this post would get this big and, as much as I'd like to, I can't possibly hope to discuss this with all of you. Thank you to everyone, on both sides of the issue, for your reasoned and very interesting replies. The argument that got me closest to changing my view was surely that of safety. Other people are saying being loud is not as important for safety as actually driving well on a motorcycle, and this seems to be coming from cyclists as well, so unless I see some sort of peer reviewed study over anecdotal evidence that line of thinking isn't doing it for me. My favorite arguments were those along the lines of "It's a free country, you're the one that's being inconsiderate by expecting the riders to be silent." The image of some tatted up Hell's Angel roaring through town and impinging on the hearing of 500 people and then screaming "IM BEING OPPRESSED" when someone suggests he tones down the throttle is simply delicious. A special thank you to everyone who called me a pussy via PM. It's good to know you care so much. I also learned that the sound that irritates so many of us so well is the sound of straight pipe exhausts. Cheers all! EDIT 2: uToastitoTheBandito did manage to change my view on this. [Here is the link to his comment] Thank you Toastito, and thank you for being considerate to others. Just a caveat here, there's a few comments in this thread that highlight the problem with some drivers very well. I'm not gonna call anyone out by name but the gist is that I'm annoyed over a minor inconvenience and I should get over it, people like driving loud cars and they're gonna keep doing it. I don't think any new parent would call it a minor inconvenience after spending 30 minutes putting a baby to sleep only to be woken up 5 minutes into his nap by a purposely loud vehicle. But this post isn't JUST about me, or my baby. These drivers drive past countless people. People who are gravely ill. People who own dogs that will shit on the carpet because they're scared of the sound. Nursing homes. Someone with a migraine headache. People who work the night shift. And all these little acts, each one is a little fuck you from the driver. And all these little fuck yous add up to one huge mega fuck you to your community. People with empathy get mad at this not just because it inconveniences them but because they know it inconveniences many others as well and the act is seen as grossly disrespectful because of that. One PM I got said: I drive a loud car. Why? Because I like it. He doesn't take the time to think, "How will my actions affect those around me? Is there any chance the thing I am about to do will harm someone, and, if that is the case, should I still do the thing?" No, this person doesn't give a shit. And that, ladies and gentlemen, is the very essence of being inconsiderate. andanasshole