Throwaway account, my main is used for school. I'm 28, male, and a grad student (chemistry). I've been dating a girl for two years and our relationship is wonderful. She frequently brings up marriage and talks about how she believes I'll never propose to her, and I've told her that I'm honestly not sure how I feel about the whole concept of marriage. I would have no problem staying with her for my entire life, but I just don't understand how a ring and a piece of paper makes any difference. Let me outline my preconceptions here: My parents' marriage fell apart due to infidelity and divorce. I watched my mom cheat on my dad, take all his money in court, and leave him psychologically damaged until the day he died. Admittedly it has me a bit scared. Here are the benefits I often hear claimed about marriage, along with my response to them: More sex: We've been like bunnies for the whole relationship (at least twice a day) and honestly I have a pretty low sex drive. It's already more than enough. Children: I don't want kids, don't have kids, and am 100 sterile by choice. Nothing to do about it. She is equally happy to go without them. Added financial benefit tax breaks: We already contribute equally to the relationship in terms of finances. We end up paying for everything about 5050. Tax breaks? Ok, sure, but that's not going to sell me on it right off the bat. Now here are some drawbacks I often see cited about marriage, along with my response: Expense: A ring is supposed to cost three month's salary?! A wedding costs over 10,000?! I'm a grad student, for crying out loud. This kind of stuff is absolutely not affordable, and even if it was it seems like a huge waste just to conform to a social norm. Paying more for a little bit of metal and rock than for a decent used car seems absolutely insane to me. Divorce Risk: Statistics don't lie. I have a 5050 chance of going through exactly what my late father did. I hate seeing how sad the thought of just being my girlfriend forever (but not my wife) makes her. I love this girl a lot, but I am also a very rational and logical person and can't seem to find the personal justification for marriage. Please, try to change my view - and thank you. Edit 1: Whoever you are, thank you for mass-downvoting all my responses. I'm trying to have a civil discourse, and if I'm frustrating you I don't mean anything negative by it. Edit 2: Thank you all for your insight. I have awarded one delta on this topic but for the most part I have not been convinced that marriage is for me. Consider this CMV closed, although I may check back later to respond to any trailing opinions. I appreciate your time, and thank you very much. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!