Firstly, I'm using a throwaway because most people get really sensitive about this and my views are pretty much the antithesis of reddit (love Rand Paul, support Mens Rights, hate Pink Floyd). Secondly, for context, I come from a wealthy family and have had very little experience with people from the lower socioeconomic spectrum, which probably shapes my view of the wealth ladder and how one climbs from rung to rung. MOST IMPORTANTLY: I believe there are levels of poverty within the lower class and perhaps each level should be approached differently in this discussion. They are as follows: 1. PhysicallyMentally Unable to Work: For all intents and purposes, this category should not be considered in my argument. They physically can't produce value and have little-to-no means to change that situation. 2. HomelessWelfareFood Stamps: Sometimes shit happens and people need help, but six months to a year should be enough time for anyone to get out of this category, yet many don't. I think [the 35 of Americans] asking for handouts get so used to doing it that they forget how to be a valuable member to society and end up just sucking resources from the rest of the productive population which brings everybody down. 3. Crippling Debt: I think people in this situation, regardless of their financial education, show a general lack of care to manage their money. It's not difficult to see if a degree will be worth the salary raise or if a loan will actually solve your current problems and their are more than enough resources online and in libraries to learn about proper finance skills in order to do so. 4. Below the poverty threshold: This is the general catch-all for everyone else in the lower class. I think problems like a botched health care system, over-imprisonment for drug sentences, and a generally rigged system such as having to pay to cash checks, not being able to afford the bulk deals, or own a home are factors that plague the lower class and rigidize social mobility, but it does not take away their opportunity to pull themselves up. Every person starts somewhere in life, some get college education paid for, some join the family business and some are born an orphan without a bank account in their name. There's no question that some situations are more difficult than others, but there is also no question that examples of social mobility exist in both directions: rich kids wasting away a fortune and migrant farm workers becoming well-paid astronauts. I believe that as long as everyone has the freedom to climb the socioeconomic ladder rung by rung, that the only difference is between those that take the opportunity and those that don't and the reason why many people remain in poverty is because they lack the motivation to take the necessary steps, be it because they don't have peers pushing them to do so or because they would prefer to work a minimum wage job instead of applying for better positionsI can't say. Although I was fortunate enough to start adulthood with no debt, I have had to work my ass off to get everything else I have and believe that anyone could be doing what I do and making as much money as I do regardless of their starting hand if they desire it. EDIT: Great points, everyone. I am starting to see how success takes a combination of hard work and luck, the latter of which is invisible to most who are provided more of it. So far, the most convincing points have been the ones that have illustrated the poverty condition, and not just reminding me how lucky I am. The one thing I can't get past is that even if it is insurmountably more difficult to escape poverty, the fact that it IS possible makes me wonder if the institutions put in place making it difficult to make and keep money were removed if motivation would in fact be the only thing holding them back. I will have to come back a little later and read more thoroughly as I am at work now. Thanks for taking the time to respond. EDIT2: I awarded the delta to ucaw81 way down at the bottom. Hisher post was short, but provided a piece of evidence for the mental hardships of the impoverished. A belief is only as strong as its evidence in the logical mind and before hisher post I couldn't get the nagging argument of "what if they just tried a little harder" out of my head. I feel strange for ever feeling that way now. Thank you for all your thorough responses.