I am an American High School student who was taught 2 different versions of the Civil war throughout my schooling career. In elementary school we first learned about the civil war in fourth grade. In that unit, we were taught the very bare details of the war: The south seceded when they couldn't keep their slaves, and declared war on the north in doing so, Lincoln was a great guy who freed all the slaves with the emancipation proclamation, and then the north won. In 8th grade I was taught more details to the story. The south seceded because the right of the states to decide on whether they keep slaves was being questioned, as well as there being the beginning of unequal representation of slave-nonslave states. The south secedes, war begins. I was taught this more comprehensive view in more detail in my junior year of High School, with emphasis on the economic and cultural dichotomy of the north and south: The north was a manufacturing powerhouse that didn't need slaves, and the South was largely agricultural and couldn't afford to not use slaves. I, as a student, preferred being taught the States' rights version of the civil war, as it shows that the South was not comprised of nothing but slave-owning bigots, but that both sides were trying to preserve their way of life. This also allows for a better understanding of the reasoning behind how Reconstruction and Civil rights' issues were handled in the south. I want to understand why people are against this form of teaching the civil war, so please, CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!