Every election year this is one of the most popular complaints against candidates: lack of detailed policy prescriptions. "So and so says he's going to reduce the budget, but so far he hasn't offered any specifics." "Hillary says she has a plan for restarting the Israel-Palestine peace process, but so far nobody has been able to nail her down on the details." Recently right here on one of the CMV posts about Bernie Sanders, ubayernownz1995 says that "Sanders does have a solid page on racial injustice on his site, but it is a little weak in terms of actual policy prescriptions. Compared to O'Malley's page, Sanders has a lot of work to do." You hear these complaints all. The. Time. In newspapers, on blogs, on TV news, in debates, etc. Candidate X offers no details, they're evasive in answering questions, they're canny, they give bland lip service to a problem and make happy talk about solutions, but they never actually say what it is they're going to do if elected. It's like the default setting of oppo research, a ready-made criticism to hurl at a candidate if you don't have any meatier, muddier dirt to fling their way. But the thing is, there are very good reasons for candidates to be evasive. For one thing, if they were to offer actual policy details during a campaign, then they'd spend the entire rest of the campaign defending and arguing about those details. If someone found an error or mistake or potential pitfall, they might have to revise their plan revise a policy that doesn't even exist yet! Political opponents hire specialists in opposition research, and the more material those specialists have, the more they'll be able to distract and distort your candidate's plan in order to make them look bad. Giving them an entire piece of draft legislation, or an entire detailed budget document showing cuts and spending, etc. would be like a godsend to the oppo research people. And all for what? For an imaginary policy that doesn't even exist yet. No candidate in their right mind would open up so many vulnerabilities all for the sake of a policy that doesn't even exist outside of the candidate's website. Secondly, no political candidate is running for the office of dictator. Whether someone is running for President, Senate, Congress, Governor, state legislator, dog catcher, etc., the important thing to remember is that politicians have to work with other politicians, and agencies, bureaucracies, other constituents, etc. They have to work with other people to get anything accomplished. So if you get elected to office with a complete, massively detailed economic stimulus package combined with spending cuts and tax cuts, don't expect every other member of Congress to just roll over and rubber stamp your policy. Politics isn't beanbag, and you'd get crucified by the players in Washington (or any other capital). Oh, you promised you were going to cut the F-22 fighter? Well guess what, that's going to throw 60,000 people out of work in my district. And you want me to just vote for it because your supporters voted for you? How about fk you?" If you got elected with a detailed policy proposal, everyone in the government responsible for putting your policy into motion would have you over a barrel. Every change they make to your policy would threaten to make you a "liar," a judas, a traitor, etc. to the people who supported you, as well of course as your political enemies. Your policy details would become a millstone around your neck and a gun to your head. Your friends and enemies alike would be able to use all of your detailed promises on the campaign trail in order to wrap you around their fingers. So that's my view: politicians would be insane to offer detailed policy answers to any given question, and they are wise to stick to vague generalities, advertising language, happy talk, etc. Can you think of a good reason for politicians to spell out their promises in detail? EDIT After 16 hours, most challengers haven't dug very deep into the issue or looked at it from different angles. For instance, what about examples of actual candidates who did in fact provide detailed proposals during an election? Did they pay for it or benefit from it? I got a lot of deltas burning a hole in my pocket here.... Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!