If movies and video games are subject to regulation and censorship, then books should be too. In many places, especially in western cultures, the censorship of books is looked down upon. Many consider it a restriction of free speech and ideas. But why do people get upset with the censorship of books, and not movies or video games? If you are under the age of 17, you are not allowed to see a rated "R" movie without a parent. But you are allowed to go to a bookstore and buy any book you want, no matter how controversial the subject matter. Why is it okay to censor movies and not books? Like books, movies contain ideas, messages, and provoke thought and conversation. I have seen movies that have changed my way of thinking. Most of those movies are rated "R." How is it fair to restrict teenagers from experiencing the stories and ideas of this particular medium, while allowing those same stories and ideas through literature? The same thing goes for video games. There are video games that have been banned from western countries because of content. Oftentimes, game developers have been forced to edit the content in games (depict less blood or sexuality) in order to legally sell their product in a country. This is censorship, plain and simple. They are banning art and ideas because they are controversial and make people uncomfortable. Could you imagine what would happen if we did this with books? Banned them unless the author edited, rewrote, or removed certain scenes? There would be an uproar. Here is a list of some video games that have either been censored or banned in certain countries: ] Some people might argue that we are stricter with movies and video games because you can actually see the violence rather than just reading about it. But I don't really buy this argument. In high school, I had to read "The Sorrow of War" by Bao Ninh. For those of you who haven't read it, the book is extremely graphic and violent. There were vivid descriptions of people stabling and shooting each other in the face, tanks running over and crushing bodies, and torture. One of the main characters is raped in graphic detail. Profanities, including words like "Fuck" "Shit" and "Cunt" are everywhere. The fact that a 16 year old is allowed and encouraged to read this book, while at the same time banned from watching 22 Jump Street in theaters alone (a movie that is rated R solely because of the language, is baffling. To be clear, I do not agree with regulation and censorship at all. But since we enforce it on games and movies, I think that books should be held to the same standard. CMV.