When Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan land on Tatooine, they encounter Watto, a junk dealer who owns two slaves, Anakin Skywalker and his mother Shmi. When Qui-Gon learns he cannot buy them from Watto, he gambles for Anakin's freedom. I believe that Qui-Gon should have removed both Anakin and Shmi from Watto's control, using force (or the Forcehaha) if necessary. Since the Jedi are "guardians of peace and justice," they are presumably called to right moral wrongs. While slavery is apparently not illegal on Tatooine, it is nevertheless immoral, and Qui-Gon seems to recognize this. I realize that gambling on the podrace was necessary, since it would be wrong to take Watto's (non-living) property by force, even if he was dead. But I believe that once the race was over, and Qui-Gon had obtained the parts for the ship under the arrangement he and Watto made, Qui-Gon should have freed Shmi Skywalker using any means necessary. Change my view. EDIT: You guys are sending in some great responses, I'll try to get them all after I get to work. There's a couple that keep coming up that I have issue with, though. Watto was a good master - Yes, but she's still a slave. Being a slave sucks bantha balls. Anakin was the only one who needed to be freed - Yes, but Shmi shouldn't have to be a slave forever because she's not important enough to the story. Qui-Gon couldn't free all the slaves - Yes, but that doesn't mean he shouldn't free the ones he can. Anakin needed to sever his emotional connections - Yes, but it seems like he would be more attached to his mother if she was still a slave billions of miles away than if she was living somewhere safe and comfortable. The Force wouldn't work on Watto - Toydarians are immune to mind tricks, not being hurled around the room with the Force like a ragdoll. EDIT: uMakesPoorDecisions changed my mind. Anakin would most likely not have become a Jedi if he could have lived with his mother and been free. While it still blows for Shmi, I can see the necessity of her being a slave for Anakin to be willing to leave her behind and become a Jedi. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!