Partial Delta for uDHCKris. I'll give you a partial because I do think that New Friends works as a combination option, but I think my CMV is more focused on the idea of someone who's either exclusively listed as For Friends, or their profile makes it out that they are primarily (nearly exclusively) for friends. I think in terms of actually being useful to users, it would be nice to have some kind of flagging system for this. My main gripe is that all these sites just show you faces and user names, and you don't really know that these people aren't interested until you've already been drawn in. This is based on my experience over about 4-6 months of casually using Tinder and OkC, if that helps you form any counter arguments or gives any perspective. Also, this isnt about poly relationships looking for another partner, the scope of my view doesn't even approach that. Something I've noticed with slightly surprising frequency on dating sites are profiles that have one of the following kinds of statements- "Looking for friends, no commitments.," "My husbandboyfriend knows I have this to make friends, and I'm not going to cheat so don't bother," "I just moved here and thought this would be a good way to make some friends," "I don't take this seriously, I'm just here for the laughs, really not looking for a relationship...." etc... Personally, I feel these kinds of profiles don't belong on dating sites, and only serve to come off as disingenuous or disappointing. Most dating sites just give you a series of profile pictures and names, and you choose which ones you find attractive to open up and read. The image draws you in, and then the "Just for friends" lets you down. To me, this is like someone attending a speed dating night at a singles bar, someone finds them very attractive and wants to see about striking up a relationship, and then they say "Oh I only came here to maybe find some friends and enjoy people trying too hard." If you're really looking for friends, there are places designed for platonic relationships- in the context of online communities there's places like subreddits for local towns, there's meetup.com, there's plenty of public Facebook groups for all kinds of interests, etc.... Going to a place specifically marketed to and called a dating app is just disingenuous. I wouldn't go to Ashley Madison if I just wanted to get a platonic shoe shopping buddy. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!