growing up in america I was condition to believe women's breast are sexual organs do to the fact that we over sexualized them too much. it wasnt till recently that I came to conscious and started realizing that there is practically no way a woman's breast could be sexual organs. I mean obviously we men have breast too and our breast dont stimulate the opposite sex in any different way. and yes I'm well aware that during sex women could receive lots of stimulation through them in the act of foreplay. but so do other body parts, like the neck, the mouth, the foot, etc. lets also not forget that women do need their breast to breastfeed their children, which this obviously screams out that they cant be sex organs. anyways it seems like the more I try to believe this the more negative reactions I get from those around me. people here still insist that women's breast are sexual organs and the fact that women here in america, unlike women in africa or other countries in europe are still too afraid to go topless outside when its too hot kinda punctuates this believe. we also must forget that or government does believe they are sexual breast as it is against the law either way for women to go topless out in the streets. so I was wondering if this is correct that maybe you guys can then convince me that they are sexual organs. I also like to point out that I was watching that documentary [Free The Nipple] the other day on Netflix and it really touched me. I think it really is unfair that during heatwave days a man can take his shirt off in public yet women can't. I think we americans are too damn dramatic going judgmentally ballistic when we see boobs in public. at the same do to how we americans have been sexually conditioned since day one I'm actually amazed that there are women here who complain about not being able to go topless out in public. I thought that would of been the worst and most humiliating nightmare for an American woman. ps speaking of legal, not that I have anything against gay people or anything but I'm actually kinda surprised that today gay marriage is legal yet it's still illegal for women to go out topless in public. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!