So, I saw a commercial today about a pill that helps with BED, and I did a bit of quick research on it. From what little research I did, it is being framed as along the same lines of bulimia and anorexia. On [this website] (bedaonline.com), the causes sound very similar to plenty of other mental disorders, but nothing specifically points out that this is something that qualifies as a mental illness other than "genetics." Also, among their treatment options, you've got "movement classes," yoga, and meditation. If it were truly a mental illness, wouldn't it be a little hard to just will away? These treatment options seem to just be a really nice ways of saying...go on a diet. I don't want to be insensitive about this subject, thus why I'm here. The main issue I have with this "disease" is that essentially feels like a medical excuse for a lack of self discipline and dedication. They've even got a pill for it. If stretched far enough, this can include other eating disorders, but BED seems to differ in that anorexia and bulimia stem from a lack of positive body image. BED, on the other hand, seems to err in the opposite direction. You eat because you're sad, and then you are disgusted because you just ate three times what you should have, so you eat again. Edit: Thank you to everyone who replied. There's been tons of valid points made here, and I haven't been able to reply to every one of them, but I I do have several different ideas to consider about the viewpoint. I looked at the issue through a dirty lens, and I appreciate you all for helping me see it a bit more clearly. There's still a bit more work for me to be done, but my view certainly has changed on the topic. When I get a chance, I'll reply to a few more of the comments and continue rewarding deltas, because my phone screwed that up somehow. Thanks again. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!