Over the past year, the idea of raising the minimum wage in Canada (where I live) and in the USA has gained popularity. Many states and provinces are either mandating, or in the process of mandating a minimum wage of 15hour. While on the surface, this seems like a good policy for strengthening the poormiddle class I believe this will ultimately HURT, not help the public, and especially the poor. Here are several common arguments made in favour of the raising minimum wage and my response: "Average wages haven't increased despite an increase in production and profit in the economy" It's a common misunderstanding that wages areshould be directly tied to production. In reality wages are determined just like prices of anything else, through supply and demand. Most minimum wage jobs are unskilled and easily replaceable (through either humans or automation) making the supply of labour far larger than the demand, which equals a lower wage. The rise in technology that has resulted in higher production from labour has little affect on wages. "Current minimum wages are so low that they do not pay a livable annual salary, keeping the working poor in a perpetual state of poverty" I would challenge the idea that most minimum wage jobs were ever meant to be sustainable for living. Most minimum wage jobs are unskilled labour (ex. factory work, assembly lines) or service industry jobs (cooks, janitorial staff, retail jobs etc..). At least to me, these seem like temporary work done by people in the process of finding higher paying employment (students, recent graduates, new immigrants etc...), and not intended as a career at all, so a livable wage is not required. "A higher minimum wage would increase the income of many in the population, boosting spending, saving and the overall economy." As I said previously, the vast majority of minimum wage jobs are easily replaceable, outsourced or automated. If large companies are forced by government to pay high minimum wages, they will seek cheaper alternatives and replacements instead. For example, a McDonald's hamburger could very easily be made faster, cheaper, cleaner and better by a machine, [like this one, which makes a burger every 10 seconds ] . If the minimum wage gets high enough that it costs McDonald's more to pay 10 people to flip burgers than one machine, they will simply replace the human labour altogether. This will result in an increase in unemployment. So while those who retain their minimum wage jobs will be better off, many will simply be replaced, leaving the unemployed workers in a WORSE position than before. Here are some things that would change my view: Research evidence that demonstrates positive impact from countriesstates that have already raised minimum wage A justification that the minimum wage must be a "living wage" Evidence that a wage increase would not result in the loss of unskilled jobs to outsourcing, automation etc... Any other reasonable justification of minimum wage Please change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!