I'm referring to this news story about the incident at the community pool in McKinney TX. You can reference it here, the video is down the page and is approximately 7:23. I believe the premise is simple, if cops arrive on scene due to multiple reports of violence and encounter a large group of people and they are told to disperse and some refuse, they can be detained. If they resist being detained, they can use force to detain you. I'm not a lawyer or law enforcement, but I think this is how it works and is common sense. Age or race does not preclude someone from following lawful orders. You can see the order here , she instead steps off in the opposite direction and is still talking at the cop, at which time he tries to detain her and she physically resists via pushing and pulling. The cop in turn tries to push and pull her to the ground. During her active resistance, a couple young gentleman approach in what initially seems an aggressive manner, with one of them moving their hand to their waste. In hindsight, and slow motion on youtube, you can see that he was pushed towards the officer and off balance, but there was no way for that cop to know that at the time, so he drew his gun and backed them off. I'm guessing that police are probably trained to do this. The entire event concluded with one adult arrested, everyone else released and no injuries. I think with all of the seriously horrible high profile police brutality in the news as of late, this story is getting caught up in America's typical response of reacting in an overly politically correct fashion, but I could be wrong. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!