My post is inspired by [this article] in which a major politician proposes allowing college students to sell "shares" of their future earnings to investors in exchange for funding their education. I have seen people criticize this system as one of "indentured servitude," presumably because for a period of years students could not be released from the requirement to pay a portion of their earnings to the investor (s). However, the current system of student loans are not dischargeable in bankruptcy, amounting to a lifetime obligation anyway (or longer, if they die early and there are co-signers on the loan). Admittedly, fixed-amount loans are better for students who have unexpectedly high earnings so this system might discourage some risk-taking. But so does the current system for those who want to avoid the down-side unemployment and no long-term relief from student loans. A system of "shares" would likely also discourage investors from paying for worthless online degrees, or college amenities that do not advance future earnings. This is a relatively new concept for me, so I'm eager to hear from those who want to change my view, or at least help me refine my understanding of the trade-offs. Thanks for weighing in! Edit 1: Thanks for all the great comments and arguments so far. One delta awarded at this point to uPlexiglassPelican for suggesting it makes better sense to have the payment based on a percentage of income beyond a basic amount that would have come even without a degree. (ungxp has also convincingly argued that existing banks would not likely be the ones to enter this new format, but that doesn't persuade me the format is a bad idea. I think maybe formulaic, risk-averse banks should take a back seat in this arena.) Edit 2: Whoa! So many great comments and thoughts. Many here are presuming (as I admit I did when I first started the thread) that what major you choose would likely be a key factor for investors deciding who to fund. And so many people here are assuming that a share system would be the death of the liberal arts. Although no one has really argued to the contrary, I now think this is a misplaced emphasis. Although it is not central to my view, I'm inclined to think that getting a degree in any major at an ivy league school vs. any major at a local community college is going to be a bigger factor than your major choice within a given school. Also, the share system doesn't have to be a fixed percentage (though probably there is a natural maximum at the point it starts to discourage seeking work). Finally (and relatedly), getting a degree in something doesn't mean that you are compelled to work in that field. So getting an English degree from a second-rate university might wind up costing, say 12 of your earnings (above a certain threshold see edit 1) for the next 30 years, while getting a Math degree from Stanford might wind up costing 3 of your earnings. Edit 3: Thanks to all who participated in this spirited discussion. I'm going to wrap this up with a final delta to uhacksoncode who made clear to me that those who marry and have a spouse support them after college would need to be prepared to commit a portion of their joint income to repay the investor. Most of the rest of the comments at this point seem to be covering the same ground, which I have not found persuasive in my view that the proposed system is better than the student loan system: Investors would find this product more risky than loans, and so it would not fit the business model of banks Stupid people would no longer be able to, literally, mortgage their future to "dream" unrealistically Direct taxpayer funding of college might be better than either system. This deal would be better for some people than for others. For those who wind up making higher incomes, it would on average be a worse deal than existing student loans, for those who wind up making lower incomes it would on average be a better deal. Even if I agreed with these things, and mostly I do, they would not change my view. Finally, there has been a lot of discussion premised (and I was guilty of this too, at first) on the notion that your field of study would be a major driver for attracting investors. I'm coming around to the view that except in the case of very specialized programs (e.g. engineering, medicine), field of study won't be as big a factor as student achievement and quality of school overall. From this point forward, I may not respond to all (or any) further responses, except if I feel they are really adding something new. Nonetheless, I hope the discussion continues with others participating as desired! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!