I just read this [article] stating that blacks and hispanics have an easier time getting into certain colleges than asians and whites. This just seems idiotic to me. Especially considering that only certain minorities have an easier time getting in, while others like asians have a much harder time. It should be based on your grade average and the score you get on your SAT (I'm from Canada so I'm not really sure how SAT score factors into that. I'm used to only your high school grades being counted). If an asian student gets a 90 average, hisher application shouldn't be tossed aside for a black student who only managed to get an 83 average. Maybe in the past affirmative action was necessary, due to racial bias. Nowadays it's completely useless and does nothing but inhibit asians and whites. I believe your race shouldn't matter when it comes to these things. It's like saying blacks and hispanics are more stupid than asians and whites and therefore should get some help to get into college. Also, before you say that it has to do with economic status, I would like to disagree. My family (including cousins and whatnot) came from very poor circumstances. However, most of my cousins have gone on to get degrees in things like engineering. If you don't do good in school, it's either because your capacity to learn in that certain subject or in general is lower than other people (say being bad at math or English) or you just didn't try hard enough. Edit: don't downvote me because you disagree with me. Write a post telling me your position and why your opinion differs from mine. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!