I agree with most of Bernie's domestic politics, but foreign policy is a critical aspect of the presidency and I don't think he has what it takes. To convince me otherwise (and thus support Bernie), you'll need to show me I'm wrong about the following points, or that they don't matter: 1) I've never seen him not looking generally flustered and awkward. Working on international issues requires developing personal relationships, thus being good at making friends. I don't think he is like that. 2) It requires building alliance and persuading people. Bernie is an independent, does not have serious alliances or close friends in Congress despite being there for over two decades. He has not gotten any notable legislation passed. Would he really negotiate the best possible international treaties for the US? 3) A President needs to be able to understand and navigate everyone's goals. Bernie doesn't seem to try to understand everyone's motivations but rather just gets angry at people who think differently from him. e.g. he says things like "I'll never understand why some poor people vote republican" 4) Being a leader involves standing up to or effectively dealing with bullies and thinking quickly. He has very little track record of doing this. And when the BLM protesters took his mic at his own rally, he just passively let it happen, seemed a bit bewildered. It may have been a reasonable decision to let them speak, but he clearly wasn't in control of the situation. How could he stand up to Putin, Khamenei, etc.? Edit: Thanks for all of the info, I haven't 100 changed my mind but I was clearly wrong about a number of things as the links you provided show: He is willing to use force and can be quite serious and calculating in describing his military policy: He does have bipartisan congressional achievements: He does make friends with people who disagree with him: which includes this statement from Chuck Schumer: "He knew when to hold and knew when to fold and, I think, maximized what we could get for veterans," said Sen. Chuck Schumer, who also participated in the VA talks. He can be quite assertive in a non-blustery way: And, though it wasn't exactly contradicting my previous view, he does have a better knowledge of foreign policy nuance than I thought: Edit 2: No, I am not a Bernie shill, I remain an undecided voter and do not endorse Bernie above other (Democratic, anyway) candidates at the moment. This CMV was about a specific concern I had about the candidate. Sorry my post looks "too organized," I guess that's a personality thing. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!