This stemmed from a discussion I had on another sub about the Greek economic crisis, and what people are saying should have been done in terms of policy by the EU and the Greek government, which dovetails with what I heard should have been done by the US government in 2008-2010 in the worst part of the Great Recession. My understanding of Keynesian theory as applied to this kind of economic situation is that it prescribes the government to spend money by using public debt, getting that money to the worker and the spending class. This money, once spent, will require producers to produce more, meaning they need to hire more people, which will give those people more money to spend, creating a virtuous circle of economic growth. Once recession is over and growth is good, the theory then says that the government should raise revenue out of the booming economy by taxing the producers, the saving class, and the wealthy so as to pay down the debt that it acquired in the previous step. From that, I conclude that Keynesianism is always either for the working class, the spending class, and the generally poor; andor against the capitalist, the saving class, and the generally rich. The activities of the former group are economically good and should be encouraged; the activities of the latter group are economically bad (albeit necessary) and should be discouraged, minimized to only what's absolutely needed to support the activities of the former group. At this point, I see five possibilities: 1. Keynesian economics is pure class warfare. Keynes and his followers believe that the working class deserves more and the capitalist class deserves less, and developed a theory to fit that opinion. 2. Keynesian economics is co-opted by people with an agenda of pure class warfare. It's perfectly valid under the theory to create the virtuous circle through government spending on Rolls-Royces and summer homes for the rich, and perfectly possible to pay down government debt by heavy taxes on working-class activities like buying groceries and holding personal debt. How we spend and tax isn't the issue, just that we do. 3. I have an incomplete understanding of Keynesian theory. There can arise economic situations where alternative actions are recommended. For instance, once the economy is growing and the debt is paid, does Keynesianism say to reduce both taxes and spending so as to "shake up the system" and achieve new growth? Or any other situation where good economic policy is to increase inequality and use the natural human jealousy, envy, and fear to spur people to produce more? 4. I have an inaccurate understanding of Keynesian theory in general. 5. My understanding is accurate, but my logic is faulty. Right now my view is hovering between One and Two, but I'd really like to understand this theory better. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!