Sorry, this is mostly applicable to folks from the US, but feel free to weigh in no matter what. I'll bullet-point for my reasoning: More good folks are killed via firearms than are saved by them. The vast majority of firearm deaths are via suicide, which has an incredibly high success rate compared to all other methods. Therefore since firearms cause more deaths than they prevent, firearms pose a net-loss for society. One major reason we believe we need firearms is the 2nd amendment. The 2nd amendment is essentially an axiom; in order to have a moral argument as to why we should have guns, I don't think "because the 2nd amendment says so" is compelling. If the 2nd amendment told us to punch babies, that wouldn't make it okay. Therefore whether or not firearms are truly acceptable must be for a reason outside of this. Our logical balance doesn't make sense. To paraphrase John Oliver, one guy tried to blow up a plane with a shoe and now we all take our shoes off at security. But so many people shoot up so many schools, and we still haven't done anything substantial about it. On a similar note, we invest how many trillions of dollars on the war on terror, and yet the amount of Americans killed via guns exceeds the amount killed via terrorism by an extraordinary amount. I've read Scalia's opinion in D.C. v. Heller (The most important guns case in modern times). I don't find the appeal to history compelling. It seems to me that times have changed so much that arguing what Thomas Jefferson was thinking and then applying it to semi-automatic and automatic weapons just doesn't make sense. For someone who claims to be a textualist, this appears to me to be a stretch. The 2nd amendment and it's current interpretation quashes any possibility of experimentation. I think part of the American experiment is to allow different states to try different things. One of the arguments for gun rights is "what worked for Australia couldn't work for us." And yet one only needs to look at Chicago (the city banned some firearms, SCOTUS said that was unacceptable and ruled against Chicago's law) to see that we were never given a chance to figure out what worked. I would normally suggest an amendment if we wanted to clarify the 2nd amendment for modern times, but it seems to me that nobody will ever be convinced guns are bad (or good!) until we have a concrete application and see whether it works or not. Edit: Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to be a space in which I can respond to anyone without being heavily downvoted. Because more responses will just result in more downvotes, I'm not going to respond anymore. In the fairness of discussion, and because I know everyone put in a lot of hard work, if you would like to discuss this issue further please feel free to pm me and we'll talk. If you have responded, please have some satisfaction in knowing I read every single post from start to finish. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!