We have a responsibility to prevent massacres or civil wars in foreign countries because we are one of the only ones who can. We are one of the only ones who are in a position where we can help a foreign people. Its like this, lets say you are one of those people who carry a concealed firearm with you wherever you go, and you see someone being raped in an alley at 2 in the morning. To walk away is a terrible thing to do, you have a gun, why wouldn't you use it to protect that poor woman? You are the only one who can! I think we can all agree that when you are in a position of power, you should use your power to fight for the greater good. It is our responsibility to be "world police" because we can. Edit: You guys have some very good points, let me revise my opinion. I was obviously wrong to say that we should get involved in "all conflicts." We should help people's and nations that need our help, and need us to assist them in an unfortunate situation. For example, if a brutal dictator launches an unprovoked attack on a weaker nation, we should help the weaker nation. If a rebel group is fighting a brutal dictator and trying to establish a democracy, we should help establish a democracy. Lets say 2 countries both depend on a certain river for water, and the up stream nation takes all the water before it reaches its downstream neighbor. So the down steam neighbor, after trying to negotiate, resorts to warfare, and attacks its upstream neighbor. We should get involved, but not necessarily with force. We should start negotiations to get them to share the water. Or we could help the downstream neighbor develop a new source of water. The point is, we don't necessarily have to use force to solve the conflict. But if the upstream nation absolutely refused to allow the downstream nation any water, than we may have to threaten them with force, and if that doesn't work, then we could use force. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!