This view of mine might sound obvious or simple but I think a lot of sensitive, complex social issues have simple underlying causes that are often ignored. In fact, I think they are so often ignored that I start to doubt my own view, hence this post. I'm a little embarrassed to share it. Here's my basic line of thought: Stereotypes exist because the generalization is accurate. Several of society's popular problems are blamed on other people acting with an awareness of stereotypes, or the stereotypes themselves. A lot of cases regarding these problems are caused or made worse by the victim acting in accordance with a stereotype while blaming either the stereotype or something else. If people made more of a conscious effort to not act in accordance with a stereotype in a situation where the stereotype could be considered relevant less incidents would occur. When less incidents occur the stereotype changes or evaporates completely. 'Victim' is somewhat of a loose term here (I'm excluding people who are indirectly involved with an incident pertaining to whatever social ill anyone might refer to) so before you shout "victim blaming!" I'll freely state that yes, I believe victims are very rarely 100 free from some kind of responsibility. An example would be a black man being pulled over in a bad neighborhood and getting ticketed, arrested, or worse after arguing with resisting the police officer. We might be able to argue the man was unfairly profiled, but we can't prove something like that. It's much easier to take preventative measures (respect and compliance with the officer, no matter how shitty of a person they may be) and either avoid the situation completely or not make it harder than it needs to be. But once the black driver starts getting loud and upset, in the cops mind he's just another loud black person (fulfilling the stereotype) which could lead the officer to believe that the driver fulfills other aspects of his stereotype. Another quick example would be the stereotype of men only being interested in sex and men saying "not all men are pigs." Well, if that stereotype upsets you as a man, the only thing you can really do that will have any kind of effect is to not be a pig! But nobody seems to realize this, they just want everyone else to do what they ask. Obviously I'm not proposing an over-night fix to any social issue, but what I'm proposing would benefit our society a lot more than victims telling everyone else to stop stereotyping. Pointing the finger at the aggressor (s) doesn't actually help solve the whole problem; all that does is either end that individual incident or piss people off. That shortsightedness does absolutely nothing to solve the problem on any kind of large, lasting scale. I'm happy to edit for any needed clarification. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!