Recently I've heard a lot about mandatory vaccination schemes in public schools. I don't see any problem with them. I've heard a few counterarguments, but they seem unsatisfying to me, for example: 1. My child, my choice. Well, yes. And this is the closest one to a valid argument, IMO. But of course we put limits on what parents are allowed to do and choose for their children; you can't deprive your child of food or education (in the US) and be allowed to keep your child, so clearly it is NOT all your choice. While refusing vaccines is nowhere near on that level, not EVERY possible choice is equally acceptable, because your child is a person, not a piece of property. If the child had the capacity to refuse, I might be swayed, but unfortunately young babies can't understand vaccines on any reasonable level. And, more importantly, it IS still your choice under school vaccination schemes; you can choose to homeschool your child, or send them to private schools that don't care. Those choices aren't available to everyone and that's unfortunate (for far more important reasons than this), but...that's our current system anyway. Being rich gets you all kinds of benefits. I don't think this is different from being able to buy better medical care, better schools, better food, private tutors, and worlds more for your child if you have the resources (I do support basic income, which would alleviate this issue, but that's neither here nor there as we haven't got it). Public schools are a governmental service, and there are rules about who can and cannot use them. I think it is fine to say only vaccinated (or medically exempt) people can use them. 2. Not everyone can get vaccinated. That's why doctors are able to issue waivers for those not medically right for vaccination. This already happens and should continue. 3. Vaccines are dangerous. Not as dangerous as rampant infection. Honestly this is its own debate...But suffice it to say you are going to need some pretty major evidence to possibly CMV. I don't think it exists, but I won't rule it out. I don't really want to talk about vaccine efficacy as it has been done to death, but I guess if there's some truly amazing evidence... 4. Everyone is entitled to an education. They still are. Any unvaccinated child either needs to attend a non-public education option, be homeschooled or eschooled, provide a medical certificate that says they shouldn't be vaccinated, or get the shots. I don't necessarily have a strong view on the best way to handle noncompliance, and don't know enough about policy to say what would be most effective and just. Maybe fines for the parents? The same punishment as parents who refuse to send their kids to school or teach them at home for other reasons? I would not support removing the child from the home or incarcerating the parents, or any other severe punishment. What would change my view: evidence that such a policy would have clear public health risks, would unavoidably keep children from getting an education, or would have some other major negative effect on society. I also am open to the idea that it is fundamentally unjust, though it doesn't seem that way to me right now. Edit: My post focuses mainly on why I think mandatory vaccination isn't bad, but it occurred to me that it might be helpful to say why I think it's good. Mainly, I think it's good because it protects those who cannot be vaccinated and the minority of children for whom the vaccine was ineffective or wore off sooner than it "should have" based on medical guidelines. Children should be safe at school, and I think this promotes safety in a significant waysince children can die of preventable illness. Edit2: If vaccines are prohibitively expensive and can't be obtained for free, this system is pretty shit for poor families. In my area you can get free vaccines in certain conditions, which are very lenient. If this isn't true everywhere in the US (and it almost certainly isn't), it should be before vaccines are made mandatory. Edit3: Going to bed now, will respond to new posts tomorrow. If it blows up, I might not get to everyone, but I will try to address any new points that are brought to the table.