Climate change or global warming as it previously was known as is a hot potatoe and not a very clean cut science to predict. There are thousands of climate scientists working on it, trying to predict where we are heading and how fast we are getting there. To make things even harder, [people with special interests are joining the battle] throwing in false baits and helping naysayers gain traction. All this, while we hear more and more about [reports on ocean acidification is beginning to take effect] , and as usual, [faster than we had predicted.] I am currently actively volunteering for green party politics (not in the US), trying to make a difference. What I notice is that the big bad wolf amongst "us" is the burning of fossil fuels. It's like everybody is on a rampage against oil and it's being preached that if we get rid of the burning of fossil fuels we'll live happier ever after. But I think what tipped me over the edge was realizing that this is just a media stunt. Of course fossil fuels is a part of the problem, but say we'd rid the world of oil by tomorrow, it would acutally only rid us of [13 of the problem] . All those focusing on "saving the world" aren't even acknowledging the rest of the problem. God forbid I mention people should eat less meat, because when I do, you'll see the greenest of environmentalists turn red in rage because I'm asking them to change something with themselves instead of the big bad wolf. Anyway, I believe that we are doomed because: The world is going under faster and faster People don't care and keep consuming Those who care don't seem to really want to change or are too disoriented to see the big picture We won't actually START making a difference until it starts hurting, but when it's hurting we'll already be dead. Please change my view!: PS, I apologize beforehand for any grammatical errors or unstructured sentences. English isn't my primary language. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!