so random battles that just happen with no warning, while you're walking, just like, warpy screen, you're in a battle now stuff. this really only applies to turn based games, in fact, I don't know of any real time games that have this system of enemy encounters. I don't think they have the need. it's annoying as hell. you take 4 steps after getting out of a battle, and arrive in another one that the run functino won't work for and you start taking damage, and then you can't escape again so you take more damage, and that just starts a whole snowball of "oh my god fuck this shit." meanwhile, the battles themselves are just often an unnecessary, repetitive, near useless way to grind. the millionth time we saw a zubat in pokemon, it. it wasn't really doing anything for us. with an rpg game, the logic seems simple enough, I guess - there's a turn based system of combat, and there needs to be a way to trigger the combat screen from the overworld. and it shouldn't necessarily be purely predictable, should it? the player needs to progress and level up so they can meet their bigger challenges in the future. putting aside the discussion about other games mechanics and why in some cases it works much worse than others - there's just better, non annoying ways of doing that now. off the top of my head, paper mario on n64 had visible enemy mobs walking around. if you collided with them, you started a battle. that makes much more sense. it's not annoying. it doesn't happen every five steps. it doesn't come out of nowhere. it still accomplishes the same purpose that random encounters do. invisible enemies starting a 5 second battle transition, with a chance that you can't run, especially if you're in over your head and trying to get out of an area, with no ability to see it coming, no warning, no possibility of avoiding it, is just, bad. especially when even something like the paper mario system exists. at least that way, if you have no items, and are on your way back to somewhere because you're too injured, you have a chance of maybe avoiding the enemy mobs. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!