I'm Korean-American and I have family in Korea. I disagree with many of those I encounter who usually tend to also be of Korean descent when I don't get all too frantic about the idea of war on the peninsula. I feel as if this conflict, whether it is dormant or tense or whatever, must be dealt with in the future and we're just kicking the can down the road. 1. Many people would die, regardless. People are dying under the famines and in the concentration camps. The longer we wait, the more people will suffer and die. Taking action as soon as possible would cause a high death toll but can potentially be made up for it by the fact that we'd be taking action soon and not "whenever unexpected situations lead us to." Plus, it's arguable that simply leaving things be is'inhumane'. 2. Long-term, a unified Korea would turn into an economic powerhouse. We have two countries with very strong work ethics, a country with a ton of technological advancements and billionaire tech companies, another country with a ton of cheap labor (that can help jump start the economy after unification), lots of natural resources that would offset the costs, and infrastructure that must be built in the northern half of the peninsula. Some experts say a unified Korea can surpass Japan in economic power. 3. I highly doubt China would be as uncomfortable having a unified, US-influenced Korea on their doorstep like people say they'd be. It's not like people aren't able to fly from Beijing to Seoul or New York City; they're aware of lifestyle in first world countries. China and South Korea are, contrary to popular belief, close allies. The number of refugees who would attempt to cross the Chinese border would probably be minimal if China expresses force in the region and South Koreans distribute food effectively and quickly. Furthermore, they know they'd have to go through sex trafficking and risk of death if they want to go through China.... and then go where? I have a very open mind when it comes to this issue. The reason why I am posting this is because I see others worrying a lot when seeing news of a potential resumption of war while I feel a sense of hope. But my thinking may be entirely backwards. I'd like to see opposing arguments to this topic. Thanks for reading! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!