With the advent of self-driving vehicles, the unavoidable will become clear: people are terrible drivers, and operating your own car is unacceptably reckless if a better alternative exists. I see the coming timeline like this: (copied from a reply to another post) 2-5 years: The last major technological hurdles (driving in ruralpoorly documented areas, driving in adverse conditions, cost) are resolved. Cars are now demonstratively better drivers than humans in all situations. (note: may be a very liberal estimate.) 4-6 years: The first round of legal cases involving driverless cars is settled, producing a precedent that makes driving your own car very risky. A collision between two vehicles, one self driving the other not, almost always results in fault to the driver. Causing an accident while operating a car with unused self-driving capability makes drivers extremely vulnerable to being sued. 5-10 years: Safety studies, overwhelmingly favorable to self-driving cars, lead to the option becoming mandatory on all new vehicles. insurance companies, burned by litigation, offer premium rates to those who never switch off the driverless option, while increasing rates on drivers who elect to operate their cars manually. Soon the difference between these rates becomes enormous. 10-15 years: Commercial driving is entirely automated. Cabs, buses, trucks, trains, "driver" becomes an obsolete profession. The savings in both wages and liability is simply too tremendous to allow any non-automated fleet to remain competitive. 15-20 years: Studies conclusively show that the only traffic casualties that still occur are exclusively due to human operator error. It becomes evident that driving your own car is unthinkably dangerous, like drunk driving at night with no headlights or seatbelts. Safety laws are passed that effectively outlaw operating your own vehicle. By the time my nephew is 15-16, controlling a car will be something that only hobbyists do, and never on public roads. Very few cars will be privately owned, rather they will be operated by private or municipal transportation services. The age of the personal automobile is ending. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!