Scientists widely accept that climate change is real. Consequently, they say that it will lead to extreme weather, a raise in the sea level, increased acidity of the ocean, reduced sea and ice cover, and drought. These effects will in turn impact not only human's general well-being, but will also displace coastal settlements and cities, negatively effect food sources, destroy ecosystems, and more. Furthermore, "It is increasingly evident that the policy actions by these countries and others will not be enough to stave off a rise in the atmospheric temperature of 2 degrees Celsius, or 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit. At that point, scientists say, the planet will be locked into a future of extreme storms, droughts, food and water shortages, and rising sea levels." Thus, I think the number one concern for the human race as a whole should be climate change, and I find it hard to justify any other causes. Yes, human rights and the economy are important, immediate concernsBut, in the end, it won't matter in if the planet becomes uninhabitable. So climate change and efforts to reverse or combat it should be the dominant issue in the world now. Instead, of focusing on raising the minimum wage or gay rights, we should devote most of our resources and energy to solving climate change. I'm liberal. I think there are tons of important issues that we need to addresseducation, gun control, mental health, women's rightsbut these issues should be secondary to protecting our home. Change my view! Edit: Formatting Edit 2: Some words Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!