Written hastily, but hopefully I can clarify any mistakes in comments, here we go: The Confederacy was racist according to the cornerstone speech and secession papers (tx): [Cornerstone Speech] excerpt t: Our new Government is founded upon exactly the opposite ideas; its foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition [Texas secession papers] excerpt: She was received as a commonwealth holding, maintaining and protecting the institution known as negro slaverythe servitude of the African to the white race within her limitsa relation that had existed from the first settlement of her wilderness by the white race, and which her people intended should exist in all future time. If the new government the Confederacy was trying to replace the current one with was based on that Cornerstone, there is no denying the Confederacy was racist. Those that fought for the cause of the Confederacy and helped further it, helped further "the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man; that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition" are culpable. Point 1: Someone who fights for a racist cause, helps create an institution to power that racism, and otherwise spread it is racist. People who have done this don't deserve to be monumented, or at the very least don't deserve to be monumented something as defining as a town square. Point 2: A monument with the words "Our Confederate Soldiers" cannot monument just the soldiers without endorsing their actions to some extent. Point 3: The image of a Confederate soldier being a defining landmark in the center of a city is an endorsement of the Confederacies actions and perpetuates racism by virtue of it being a defining part of the cityscape. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!