For those who don't know, the trolley problem is this: You and another person are on a bridge which is over a trolley track. 5 people are tied to the track, and the trolley is coming. You may either push the other person off the bridge, which will stop the trolley before it hits the 5 people, which will kill that person, or you can do nothing, which will kill the 5 people. I add the rule that the trolley will not stop if it hits you, and will only stop if it hits the person with you, which eliminates the "I'll jump myself" answer and keeps the idea of the scenario in place. I believe that the proper solution is to push the person off the bridge. The purpose of the problem is to present a dilemma between utilitarianism (benefitting the most people in the best way) and deontology (doing one's duty in life as in following basic principles), but I do not believe that doing nothing and allowing the 5 people to die is ethical under either mindset. By neglecting to push the other person off the bridge, you have prioritized your own moral standpoint over the lives of not just one, but 5 other people. The idea that one should not kill may be generally applicable, but to effectively condemn other people to die because you do not want to compromise your morals is incredibly selfish, and goes against the implied deontological principle that one should prioritize the needs of others over one's own (especially if one's needs are really wants). In general, I believe that a failure to take a potentially immoral action to prevent an injustice due to the action being potentially immoral is selfish and unjustifiable. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!