Context: I'm a straight cis man with a lot of straight friends (as well as LGBTQA friends) who often go to Boston Pride Parade and NYC Pride Parade. I've never gone to one myself (always find out about it a few days after it happens), but I'm planning on going to volunteer at next year's Boston parade, assuming I'm home from school in time. I personally get a little uncomfortable when I see straight people partying hard at Pride parades. To me, the parades are supposed to celebrate marginalized social groups who are often shoved under wave after wave of oppression and hatred the other 364 days of the year and has this one day to fully let loose and celebrate in the face of a culture who still may not accept them in the way that they'd like. When straight people jump in, it almost feels like they're co-opting the one day in which non-straight people are finally in control. It seems to me to be similar to straight people putting a rainbow filter over their profile pictures - in theory, it might be OK, but in practice it shifts the attention from the LGBTQA people who deserve it onto the straight person who steps in. Almost like a "Look at me, I'm celebrating pride! Look at how great I am!" And, yeah, to a certain extent I think this display of solidarity is good. Gaytransqueer rights won't move forward without the support of those already in power - straight people - and it's nice to see people united across gender and sexuality boundaries in order to celebrate how far we've come and prepare for how far we still have to go. That being said, though, I think there's a point at which a display of solidarity becomes less about the people for whom the solidarity is shown and more about the people who are "showing" the solidarity. I think that at a certain point, support for the LGBTQA community can transition into an exercise in self-promotion and narcissism, and I'm not super comfortable with that. This is why I think that straightcis people who participate in Pride parades should spend some of that participation on volunteering. The parades really run on volunteers, and if a straightcis person spends time doing the thankless task of picking up trash, filling and lugging big containers of water everywhere, or making sure a first-aid tent is properly staffed, it helps show support for the LGBTQA community in a way that simply taking selfies with a shirtless parader will never be able to. I think it's a great way to be an ally to the community in a way that doesn't obnoxiously trumpet that allyship, and it might teach people more about what really makes the revelry run smoothly and give them a new appreciation for something many almost take for granted. tl;dr Volunteering is a helpful form of allyship for straightcis people in a way that just going to the parade and celebrating is not. EDIT: Just a clarification - I believe that people shouldn't be forced to volunteer, and going to the parade at all is still preferable by far to not going. That said, I think that going and volunteering is far enough preferable to just going to participate that it should be pretty heavily suggested for people planning to go. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!