I've seen a few posts lately that refer to the lady who spilled coffee on herself and then sued McDonald's for medical expenses, and I am completely bemused by the support for the lady. The jury found McDonald's to be 80 responsible and awarded several million dollars compensation, which was later reduced to about 600 000 dollars, and then later settled. Acording to [wikipedia] and another [website] here are the abridged facts of the incident as I understand them. coffee was ordered at a drive through window coffee was handed to Liebeck Liebeck's son drove off they stopped so Liebeck could add sugar Liebeck spilled the entire cup over her lap, hence severely injuring her My argument that it is not McDonald's responsibility is that she had been safely handed the coffee. The transaction was complete and she had control. If the coffee had been spilled during the handover I would view it the other way around. There are two arguments that I reject. I reject that the severity of the injury affects the responsibility. Comments such as "have you seen those injuries, they're horrific, she had to be reconstructed" are common. This is true, they were appalling injuries. But I think this is a strawman argument because my point is that it was not McDonald's responsibility after the handover, not that the injuries were minor. I reject that the coffee was too hot. These are hot drinks. It's obvious to me, and I would hope anyone who intends to drink such a drink that it would be hot and care should be given. Perhaps my culture views it differently. I grew up in England, and here 9 and ten year olds make tea for themselves; kettles boil water and then that water is poured into a teapot cup. We know from a young age that this is dangerous and extreme care must be taken when handling such hot water. Indeed, in a similar UK case against McDonald's regarding hot coffee, the judge ruled that McDonald's was not responsible, one of the reasons being that people expect hot drinks to be hot and should make reasonable safety measures themselves. I do not believe Americans don't realise hot water is dangerous. If anyone would like to comment, I'd be happy to elaborate further. I look forward to having interesting discussion. EDIT: Thank you for your replies so far, I'm working my way through replying to them. EDIT: Thank you for your comments and discussion. I have awarded deltas to comments that highlighted arguments that I had not considered. My view is still that McDonald's were not liable for any costs. I have come to the conclusion that the discrepancy is due to a difference in cultural expectations of temperature of served hot drinks. I was brought up in a culture where water is regularly boiled at home and hence all children learn how to be careful around just-boiled water. As mentioned above, that is part of the reason why an almost identical case was thrown out in the UK. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!