Let me preface this by saying I own Goldeneye 007 and have played it in both single and multiplayer. Neither particularly impressed me. Note that I don't blame Goldeneye's developers for this; they did the best they could with what they had at the time, and if you compare it to Duke Nukem 64 or SNES Doom it beats them by a landslide. Goldeneye was absolutely revolutionary for its time, and shaped the path of future FPS games. However, by today's standards, it is absolutely awful and is outclassed in literally every way by today's games. This is for a number of reasons, including mechanics, controls, and map variety. Despite this, many people choose to play Goldeneye, even though it is crap. It's not even moderately close-ish who wins between, say, Battlefield 4 or Goldeneye. However, since I know you guys are going to point out the massive price disparity between buying a PS3X360 with 4 controllers and an N64 with 4 controllers, I'm going to instead compare it with Timesplitters 2 on the PS2, which I believe to hold up far better today. A PS2 with 4 controllers and TS2 costs you 50 10x4 10 100. (Amazon prices) An N64 with 4 controllers and Goldeneye costs you 50 20x4 15 145. (Amazon prices) All of this is used. Let's first compare game mechanics. It makes sense that Goldeneye's game mechanics are less complex than Timesplitters 2's because the controller has fewer buttons. In Goldeneye you have the ability to do the following: aim, move, zoom in, fire, perform contextual actions, and switch weapons in one direction. Timesplitters 2 offers all of that as well as the ability to crouch and reload, as well as cycle backward and forward through your weapons. Of course, both of these games' mechanical complexities pale in comparison to today's FPS games, which add sprinting, jumping, and more. Next, controls. The N64's lack of dual analog makes the clear winner TS2. Other than that, they pretty much have the same control scheme. Props to Goldeneye for having more variety, but most of the variety is exceptionally poorly thought out schemes where moving and aiming are mixed between the C buttons and the analog stick. Finally, there is map variety. Due to the limitations of the N64, all of Goldeneye's maps are basically the same: completely indoor mazes of hallways and doors. Granted, there is much more variety than on most games of this type in that era, but compare this to TS2. You can CREATE YOUR OWN MAPS and many of the pre-created maps are outdoors. The maps also feel very different: the difference between Caves and Library is nothing compared to between Circus and Hangar, for instance. All these points are why I feel that Goldeneye 007 is a relic of the past and if you're looking for a multiplayer FPS experience you are better off looking elsewhere. In fact, other than "because I played it as a kid," or "because I own no consoles newer than the N64," I don't think there is any reason at all to play Goldeneye. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!