First of all, I want to first express how happy I am with this subreddit. It has always been a hub for civilized discussion on complicated and difficult topics. I have never witnessed uncivilized discussion on here before and I'm glad to be a part of the community. Good job, Reddit! With that said, if you are unfamiliar with the sexual revolution I am referring to, this is a time beginning in the 1960s where people experienced an "urge to'find oneself Wikipedia] . During this time, lots of previously taboo'd sexually related acts, ideals, etc entered into society and have more recently, at the end of the 20th century have thoroughly integrated themselves into it. This involves a large variety of things including but not limited to: proliferation and normalization of pornography, sex before marriage, acceptance of sexually explicit movietelevision material, contraceptions, and the LGBT movement. For example, pornography, which was formerly unheard of in public conversation is now often not only discussed, but glorified and upheld as a great thing. This is just one example of what I am talking about. I am not arguing the moralities of pornography however. My argument: The recent decision by the Supreme Court to rule in favor of gay marriage is simply the next step in the sexual revolution and essentially negates some of the arguments against the next step after this; I am specifically referring to incestuous relationships, and other ways of "loving" someone. However, I will mainly refer to incest for the sake of a shorter discussion. One of the main arguments against gay marriage is that it is "unnatural." One could also argue that incest is unnatural, but even more broadly, any sexual relationship outside of marriage between a man and woman can be argued effectively as unnatural. Gay marriage activists very frequently champion progressive thinking and non-discrimination as basis for legalizing gay marriage. The term progressive is very open for interpretation, but eliminating discrimination is very straight forward. If someone named Cercei loves her brother named Jamie, should it be allowed? Should they be allowed to marry and procreate? Incestuous relationships very often breed deformities and retardations in children; should these children be forced to have an incomplete, handicapped life on the basis of equality. For more information on incest please view this very informative [documentary] . Another argument against gay marriage has frequently been that it further inhibits the ability for the human race to procreate. This is fairly obvious as to why people say this: a man and a man cannot bear a child and vice versa. However, the same argument stands for incest; in fact, it is worse. Incestuous relationships don't further the human species, but rather they turn it backwards by corrupting genes and eliminating diversity. Also, as previously stated, incest often results in retardation in the resulting child. With gay marriage legalized officially, these arguments become unsubstantial and hypocritical to argue with against incest. In conclusion, my fear is that the sexual revolution has the potential to continue to progress and eventually today's taboos will become everyday occurrences all on the basis of equality and non-discrimination. This has the potential to effect humans on not only a genetic level by potentially allowing incest to corrupt human genetic material and cause genetic disorders, but also on a societal level where humans become more concerned with catering to someones sexual identitypreference rather than the actual person inside. I believe this could be devastating to humans. I don't claim to know what would happen, but it isn't too difficult to come up with a worst-case scenario of what society could become when the main focus of peoples interactions is politically correctness, being non-offensive, and catering to every form of person on a sexual basis. Please feel free to ask questions and I will be happy to clarify. CMV, Tresky Disclaimer: I am in no way attempting to say that gay marriage in and of itself is causing the downfall of humanity and am not attempting to demonize or put-down members of the LGBT community. I am merely making a case of a path that humanity could potentially be (and I now believe is) on that leads to a corrupt and evil society. EDIT: Added information. Removed misleadingconfusing information not strictly related to my argument. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!