While I understand the general principle that you're not necessarily owed respect because of your age, I find the idea of continuously "earning" the respect of less experienced and established people completely ludicrous. It should be the other way around, if only for practical reasons (the respect of older people tend to be far more valuable). Now, I'm in no way denying that younger folks have valid and interesting contribution to make. I think a fresh perspective coupled with energy and enthusiasm can be an exceptional driving force. Nor am I denying that older folks can be complete assholes because their certainly can. However, I could never bring myself to expect older, more experience and better established people to prove themselves to me. Neither can I see a reason to prove myself to younger people today. I expect respect the same way my father or professors did. Not veneration, mind you, but simple deference you'd ought to show to someone that lived twice the time you did. As such, they are not your peers. Simply put, I find this phrase respect is earned, not given is most often used pompously by younger people to undermine established individuals or to deny respect to their elders in spite of a good reason. To my eye, this attitude is the product of four big misconceptions: 1) Older people demand respect because of their age and age by itself isn't worthy of respect. I do agree that age by itself isn't a quality worthy of respect, but I don't think older folks demand respect in virtue of their age alone either. Experience, I believe, is what you ought to respect in even the humblest of persons. It's not a stretch to assume they've seen a lot more go by and might have a different perspective on life. 2) Showing respect and deference to others cost me something. Respect is free. This stems from a lack of humility. It completely free to respect someone. The only thing holding people back is their ego. Of course you feel invincible at sixteen, but most people passed their teenage years tend to cringe a bit thinking back on their younger self. I know I did. 3) I know these people are whether or not they're deserving of my respect. Assuming anything worthy of respect about someone is readily available is a common mistake. Relating to the second point, what's the price of respecting someone by default? Worst case scenario, you change your mind later on. Best case scenario, you've done the right thing. 4) You need to prove yourself. False. Plenty of people "proved themselves" already and they shouldn't need to do it again. For instance, people get to positions of power and prestige for a reason. Getting a PhD isn't a walk in the park. Chances are they've been judged by better people than you already. I do understand their reluctance to jump through hoops again to "earn respect." As such, I think one would be better served by the idea that "respect can be lost" rather than "respect should be earned." CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!