To me, online entertainment is such a flip of a coin. You either get a partnership or you don't, and even if you do get the partnership, there's no saying that what you make will be enough to live off of, so it's probably just safer to get a real job. For Youtube, it seems like you need to be the following to be successful: A young attractive person (or at least a person with an attractive voice) that appeals to some major demographic (teenage girls, LGBT teens, sports fans, etc.) Someone who was already famous on a different social medium A Let's Player And in all of these, you need a certain budget to spend on making your videos (light, camera, a crew maybe?) and that's not including the money you need for specific videos (e.g. a Let's Player needs enough money to buy newbig budget games in order to attract attention, a make-up channel needs to buy TONS of products, clothing channels need to shop on a regular basis, etc.). Twitch has the same problems as a Youtube Let's Player; in order to be noticed, you need to buy really popular games andor new games, and those are rarely cheap; most games are up in the 60 range, not including DLC or even the equipment needed to stream at a constant frame-rate for long periods of time. Even if you DO get popular on either of these platforms and get a partnership, Twitch takes half of your subscription profits, leaving you mostly depending on possible donations, and Youtube takes a lot of your ad revenue (not including other Youtube-related partnerships you might have [cough cough Nintendo cough. If you ABSOLUTELY need to make money on one of these platforms, or a similar platform, then you should either be rich or have had a real job long enough that you have enough money to survive. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!