America has accomplished nothing in its history that makes it worth of such widespread pride and love by its people (particularly this time of the year). Every event that Americans glorify either has a disgusting background to it or is grossly misread by most people. These are some examples: -The American Revolution: It did involve great thinkers and advancement of political philosophy, but the French did it better, and American Revolution was an overreaction to British enforcement of fair taxes that paid for the 7 Years War to protect Americans. -Industrial revolution: Granted high developments in technology and economic prowess were built on slavery, child labor, discrimination against immigrants, poverty and greedy, amoral robber barons and corrupt politicians. Civil War: The fact that it needed to happen and that a flag that represents those who fought to defend slavery is still being flown and celebrated is disappointing. World War 2: Significant military power, certainly helped turn the tide, still killed 300,000 civilians with atomic weapons and put Asian Americans in camps (with little reparation that came way too late). Of course there are worse countries in the world, but current day America is a wreck. Frequent mass shootings that don't really happen in other developed countries, continued high race tensions, religious fundamentalism in the South and a poor education system. So tell me CMV, is there any reason to celebrate or be proud of my country? Edit: Good conversation tonight, I was looking for something to ponder and get me into the 4th of July mood. Happy Independence Day America. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!