I think you probably shouldn't own a dog - except maybe you are blind, an old-school shepherd or train them for finding people after avalanches or earthquakes. I have several reasons to holdthis view - here they are, sorted by relevance (from least to most relevant). They eat poo. They are annoying. Many people have really strong opinions against smoking in public, because it is upsetting them and accordingly laws have been past in many countries that limitprohibit smoking in public transport, public buildings, etc. However, it is not uncommon to be leg-humped by a dog in the bus, or step into dog-poo in the park, which I find really annoying. This seems to be regarded as unproblematic, some pepole even get annoyed if you do not want to touch their animal companion with questionable hygiene standards. You may say that (contrary to smoking) these are merely inconveniences, but in fact... ...Some dogs are plain dangerous. Have a look at the Fatal dog attacks wiki entry. Granted, there are MUCH more people dying from cars, cigaretts, cancer (and that's only deadly stuff with a C), etc. but in my opinion even one person would be too much. There are a lot of young children on the list as well. My rant so far may have given you the opinion that I just hate animals. However, the opposite is true - I love them! Therefore I think we shouldn't keep them for our amusement or because we fancy a walk once or twice a day. They eat. In a world where people are starving this is in my opinion morally not justifiable. Most importantly: They produce greenhouse gases - and quite a lot of them! [The co2paw print" of a big dog that gets fed mostly meat may even be bigger than the emissions caused by an SUV.] Therefore I am convinced that you probably shouldn't own a dog. I will not be convinced by single examples where a dog was useful, but by reasons why the overall benefits of private dog-owenership surpass the negetive effects I have listed above. Please CMV! The fanatic dog-loving may be an issue particular to Germany. EDIT: Deltas have been awarded to the argument that dogs "sage lives" by providing companionship, and helping with mental as well as physical health issues. It may therefore be argued that these safed lives make up for the harm that dogs cause elsewhere. Thanks to ustoopydumbut, uRustyRook, and ujiw123. (Others have also made the same point later). Thanks for the interesting discussion. At the very least I learned that I am pretty alone in my distaste for dog poo:) EDIT 2: Ok, it's 3am where I am and I think all arguments that can be made about the issue have been made. Good night and thanks again for the discussion! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!