I'm not asking anything about why we self harm - trust me I've got many answers for that. My problem is that everyone seems to agree that self harm is bad, but no one can give me a logical argument for why. So far this is the logic I've heard again and again: Self harm is bad because it is dangerous. It is dangerous because you could die, or could get an infection. The problem I have seen with this is that you can replace "self harm" with so many other things and still follow the same basic structure. Lacrosse is bad because it is dangerous. It is dangerous because you could get a concussion. Cooking is bad because it is dangerous. You could get burned. Taking Lithium for Bipolar Disorder is bad because it is dangerous. It is dangerous because it could give you kidney failure. So I can not accept the false-logic of dangerous bad. That means anything dangerous is inherently bad, and that is not true. It is very easy to self harm without any danger. Sterilize tools, clean and cover wounds, etcetera. Of course this can still leave permanent scars, but so can getting a tattoo or a piercing, so once again, self harm isn't inherently bad just because it leaves scars. Lots of things leave scars, so scars aren't what's bad about it. Okay, but it's a symptom of a bigger problem. Yes. And the bigger problem is the thing that should be fixed. But that still doesn't mean that the symptom is bad. If you have a bacterial infection, you treat the infection. You don't just cover any redness up with makeup to treat the symptom. So self harm, the symptom of many mood disorders, isn't what should be treated. So besides the ridiculously flawed "it's dangerous" argument, explain to me why self harm is inherently bad. Tl;Dr, something being dangerous doesn't make it bad. Give me a real reason why self harm is bad. EDIT I have to go to bed now, but I will continue this conversation with anyone who posts new comments in the morning. Thank you to those of you who have offered support, and to those of you whose reasonings avoided condescension. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!