Cigarettes are the leading cause of preventable death, responsible for roughly 480,000 deaths per year in the US. 41,000 of those deaths aren't even those of users they are the deaths of those exposed to secondhand smoke. If you use the drug (nicotine), it can directly affect the health of those close to you. Smoking harms nearly every organ in the body, causing cancer and disease. Cigarettes are extremely addictive and many people can't quit even if they try. Yet other drugs pose less threats and have a much lower or even a nonexistent fatality rate. They certainly aren't killing 1,300 people per day. Can you imagine if an illegal drug killed over 1,000 people everyday, users and nonusers? There would be political crusades. For all illicit drugs combined, the number of resulting deaths were about 17,000 in 2013. For all drugs combined legal and illegal that number jumped to about 46,500 for that same year. That's an extra 29,500 deaths from legal drugs. Cigarettes cause 10x more deaths per year than all the drugs in the US. Why are we pouring so much time, resources and money into the Drug War to keep these super dangerous illegal drugs out of the hands of the American public such as marijuana (easy argument, 0 deaths) or even heroin (much more difficult argument, 6,000 deaths in 2013) when cigarettes are so acceptable? Cigarettes kill nearly half a million people per year and are the direct cause for serious health issues and reduced lifespan. They are highly addictive. If the objective of the War on Drugs is to keep people safe and not addicted to drugs, how can we rationalize this continuing support of cigarettes while stigmatizing the use of other, less harmful drugs? - - - Reasons I think we overlook this high fatality rate... culture and ingrained public perception of acceptance. Cigarettes used to be advertised as good for you and everybody knows somebody who smokes. Smoking is not something you necessarily have to hide. Jobs don't (generally) screen for cigarette smokers. in the eyes of the public, cigarettes aren't really "drugs" (i.e. they don't alter your state of consciousness; they don't get you high) An 18 year old can legally buy as many packs of cigarettes as they want. In the US, they can't even do that with alcohol (which gets you drunk). In states with legal marijuana, you also have to be 21 to buyconsume. cigarettes don't cause immediate death. (shortsightedness) You don't overdose on nicotine. Instead, cigarettes slowly kill you so there is no instant connection between cigarettes and death. For example, a heroin OD would be an instant "drugs kill you." If you smoke a cigarette, you know you aren't risking your life right that second. - - - What are some other reasons we overlook this fatality rate and continue to socially and legislatively accept cigarettes? Sources [X] [X]