When I see debate about'the big issues' (stuff like climate change, or gun rights, or public healthcare policy) people don't seem to particularly care about'evidence'. If they shift on these issues, its for emotional reasons. Sure they'll have a few go-to facts or stats that are essentially cherry picked to support their view, or they may even be aware of the news, etc, (again to find info to support their position) but new evidence rarely changes people's minds. If people did have beliefs based on evidence there'd be a greater diversity in the beliefs individuals held. As it is, if I know a person cares about climate change, odds are they are anti-gun rights and pro-choice. If they're big on border protection, they're gonna be small government and pro-gun rights. These are largely unrelated topics, yet at least 80 of the time people hold these'suites' of ideas. People seldom shift on these big issues, because views aren't evidence based, they're ideological. The few times people do change its because of one of two reasons. An overall change in societal norms on the issue. Same sex marriage is a good example of this. This wasn't even on the agenda 20 years ago. There has been little'data' to change peoples minds; we've just had a kind of cultural shift, and now its broadly accepted. It wasn't data or evidence that changed people's minds, it was a change in societies norms. The other thing which I believe can change folks' minds is personal experiencechange. I've known people to retire, or have a health crisis, which shakes up their whole outlook, including views on"the big issues. Or perhaps a personal brush with an issueMy son came out, now I'm pro-same sex marriage" So persuade me people are actually rational, and can be convinced by actual facts-CMV [EDIT]: To clarify I mean objective evidence (data, stats, facts), as opposed to emotive appeal (personal anecdotesexperience. I'm sure there's some grey area, but that's the general idea) evidence" in this context means objective stats or data, and doesn't include personal experience, or one emotionally affecting news event (e.g "Sandy Hook really got to me, now I'm anti-guns ]