I'm planning to vote for Bernie in the primaries but, if Hillary gets the nomination, I'll still vote for her in the general - I will do anything in my power to help make sure the next two SCOTUS nominations are not controlled by the GOP, end of story. That being said, there seems to be this idea that Clinton would be a lock for the presidency but, if Sanders were to get the Democratic nomination, it becomes possible or even likely that the GOP will take the presidency. If that were true, then it would behoove me to support Clinton in the primaries, if I really am committed, above all else, to keeping the GOP from taking the presidency in 2016. My primary reason for believing that Bernie Sanders is at least as electable in the general as Hillary Clinton (I actually think he's more electable, but that's immaterial to this CMV) is a set of thought experiments, which simply revolve around considering the behavior of individualsgroups voting (or abstaining) in 20082012, how that behavior would respond to Hillary being the nominee, and how that response would be altered by having Bernie as the nominee instead. For ease of illustration, I'm going to use Jeb Bush as the stand-inproxy for the eventual Republican presidential nominee - if you think the GOP will likely nominate someone else, and it will make a difference in how a significant number of people vote (or abstain), feel free to specify whyhow in your reply, and then proceed within the context of your chosen Republican presidential nominee. So, here are some examples of the general form of the thought experiment - this set of examples is, by no means, comprehensive, but I've yet to think of one which significantly advantages Hillary over Bernie: Describe to me the person or demographic, who voted for Obama in 2012, who would vote for Hillary over Jeb in 2016, but who would vote for Jeb over Bernie in 2016. (Impacts: Swing votes) Now describe to me the opposite group (BernieJebHillary) - which group seems larger? Describe to me the apathetic Democrat who, once they are familiar with Bernie as a candidate, is more energized by Hillary than Bernie. (Impacts: Democrat turnout, i.e. harmful abstentions) Now describe to me the opposite group - which seems larger? Describe to me the Republican who would make it to the polls to vote against Bernie, but would be like "meh, fuck it" and not bother to vote against Hillary. (Impacts: Republican turnout, i.e. helpful abstentions) Now, outside of that form of argument, one thing I've seen cited as evidence against Bernie in this respect is a particular Gallup poll, regarding attitudes towards those who identify as socialist: For years, Gallup's been asking the following question: "If your party nominated a generally well-qualified person for president who happened to be X, would you vote for that person?" In the most recent iteration of that (from June 2-7), [respondents were least likely to say yes when "X" was "socialist at 47. More respondents said they'd vote for an atheist (58) or a Muslim (60). My problem with that is as follows: Every one of those descriptors, except for socialist, is a largely apolitical identity - whereas being "a socialist" is a political ideology. The phrase "just happened to be [blackMuslimJewisha woman implies that the nominee would have said identity, but would still mostly follow the tenets of whatever "your party" was - whereas "just happened to be [a socialist implies an ideological leaning that potentially conflicts with whatever you feel "your party" stands for. Therefore, comparing the numbers for "a socialist" to all those other identity-based descriptors, without also including numbers for "a conservative" and "a liberal" simply doesn't provide a useful context in which to interpret the numbers for "a socialist." I also think that, due to the way the question is asked, the poll winds up seriously underestimating the impact of strategic voting (i.e. voting for the candidate with the best chance of beating your least preferred candidate) against the GOP - I think it's just plain ludicrous to suggest that 41 of Democrats would prefer Jeb Bush to Bernie Sanders, simply because of the socialist label, but maybe I'm wrong on that point? Another argument is that the GOP media machine will be able to use the socialist label to get their base frothing at the mouth and drive turnout (this relates to the 3rd example thought experiment). My feeling here is that, considering that has been Fox news' sole purpose for the last 8 years, they are already well beyond the point of diminishing returns - there is no part of the base, who is amenable to this sort of strategy, who isn't already frothing at the mouth, socialist or no - trying to use the socialist label to wring even more turnout from their base, at this point, is trying to squeeze blood from a stone. Finally, while the GOP's fearanger-based strategy for motivating turnout is a finely-tuned machine at this point, turnout among Democrats is much more variable - so many on the left feel entirely apathetic towards the party, so turnout is unreliable. I will admit, I don't even know exactly why, but Hillary seems to personify what people on the left are apathetic towards - nobody, nobody I've talked to, on Reddit or IRL, seems excited about Hillary. On the other hand, among those who have become familiar with Bernie as a candidate, he seems to energize people in a way that I've simply seen no recent evidence of any other potential candidate even coming close to. Since voter-apathy seems to be a fairly huge problem on the left (relative to the right, at least) this seems like a huge point in Bernie's favor - especially because it could also have a fairly significant impact on Congressional races. One last thing: I know the socialist label is a big part of this discussion, but I don't want it to devolve into an exclusive focus on that - I am interested in how Bernie stacks up against Hillary, so if you are going to talk about how people respond to the socialist label, please keep it in the context of a comparison with how people respond to Hillary as a political fixture.