Having played dota for 1 year, and Lol for 6 months before that I have come to the opinion that Dota 2 is a much better game in many facets. Not only is dota 2 completely free to play, the actual gameplay is better, and the graphics are much better. -The Dota 2 map is larger and has more interesting features for vision and juking. -Dota 2 has TP scrolls and a courier allowing for more interesting map movement. -Dota 2 heroes have much more unique and scaled up abillities than LoL Champions. Think techies vs teemo, and heroes like tinker, meepo, lone druid, invoker, etc. LoL heroes typically have a couple skillshot nukes and a movement abillity as a rule of thumb. -Denying, highground miss chance, and pullingstacking make laning much more interesting in Dota. -Ancients and Roshan are much more interesting high value targets than Dragon or Baron. -Towers are much weaker in Dota, and smoke of deceit exists, allowing for much more aggressive gameplay. -Dota heros are much more turbocharged, any dota hero ported exactly would be the strongest champion in League of Legends. -Activatable items improve gameplay decisionmaking. LoL items are boring and mostly just stat based. Dota items allow for much more customizablility in item build and improvement in game play (blink dagger 18 second cooldown vs. flash 300 second cooldown). Dota 2 has a higher barrier of entry in a style of game whose focus is improvement, and that might lead people to LoL, but given the massive time investment in either game this is basically irrelevent. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!