I was first exposed to the universe by watching season 1 and 2 of the show. I really liked them and purchased the A Song of Ice and Fire books and loved them even more. Now, when I watch the new episodes or go back and watch those ones I initially liked it feels different. The show now seems like a rookie film students first attempt at portraying the book. The acting, budget, and sets all seem fine. Things like staging, dialogue, character's appearances and the plot's movements seem very obvious and amateurish. At first I played it off with rationale like, they have budget issues, or it's just harder to portray these complex scenes on television, or that they needed to shorten the storyline to fit it in a ten season show. Now I am starting to feel like the show's creators are really just amateurs. They are using the "best" books in the last two decades so of course the show is popular. But if someone without their rapey suckage had control, could it be that much better? Please change my view so I can enjoy the show again. I think to accomplish this someone has to either just absolutely school me on film knowledge or make me feel good about the fact that they didn't have a choice for toning basically everything down. Maybe I'm asking too much, if so I apologize. Translations of my words for clarity. Rapey suckage - using sexual violence in ways that seem to be more geared towards shocking the audience than furthering the plot. I'm actually thinking more of the rape scenes for Dany and Cersi. Staging - there is no subtly to the character's positioning in frames. As someone who is only a casual film observer I prefer a show like Breaking Bad where I have to watch it a second time to finally be able to see the importance of things like a character's positioning on camera. GOT seems amateurish when compared. Dialouge - too many corny phrasings and catch phrases (especially when they use modern idioms). I am currently trying to find a script online so I don't have to transcribe scenes to give you examples. They also do a poor job introducing characters and have to make up for it by having character's say their own names all the time Character's Appearance - Why can't people have the long hair and beards they are supposed to? Legolas had hair down to his waist and he was still a sex symbol. I know Tyrion can't really have his nose chopped off but their first casting or Daario left my head spinning. Plot's Movement - Given that they are cutting half of the books out there shouldn't be so many complaints out of non-book readers that the show is boring. Or is the general public just that impatient? Edit 3 - added a question mark Edit 4 - Maybe this context will help someone to see another angle to change my view to. I have a cousin who watched the show and read all the books who insists the show is better than the books but never gives me reasons. What could his argument possibly be?