New here, so please correct me if I am doing anything wrong. Before I begin I want to point out that this is strictly opinionated and based off of personal observations. Also my grammar isn't the best so please forgive any errors. The main issue I have with marriage is the consequences of ending it. I do understand that this can be avoided to a degree with prenuptial agreements however, they are generally frowned upon. The idea of penalizing someone for ending a failing relationship seems counterproductive to me. This creates a sense of security to those who have refrained from showing or disclosing certain habits or personality traits to their spouse. It also encourages many to "let themselves go." By that I mean things such as weight gain, poor hygiene, addictions, etc. Secondly, I have seen in many cases where there is just no repairing the relationship, yet the couple remains together due to the financial repercussions of ending their failed marriage. This ultimately leads to a very uncomfortable situation at home, especially for children. It also in many cases leads to infidelity which brings a plethora of problems itself. All of that said, my opinion is probably a bit biased due to my now divorced parents' marriage, but I am open to hear other arguments on the issue. Edit: First off, I'd like to thank everyone for their responses. I'd just like to clear up some things I didn't communicate well in my post. 1. By penalizing I wasn't just referring to spousal support and alimony but the legal fees as well. 2. The argument I made was not meant to necessarily knock the institution of marriage because I do think it can work but there does exist many problems with how a failed marriage is dealt with...at least here in the US. My issue is mainly with society's expectation that long term relationships must eventually lead to marriage when it is not for everyone. Lastly, a few of you pointed out the issues that arise when one spouse stays at home with the children and the other wants out of the marriage down the line. I do now see more of a purpose for it when the intention is to start a family.