EDIT: a portion of replies I'm getting are focused on the defination of'libertarian' and the rainbow of american groups that claim it for their particular beliefs. If in doubt, replace'libertarian' with'minimally regulated, minimal government intervention' in the following argument. Disclaimer, I'm a Brit who's also lived and worked in several developing countries, so I've seen first hand the damage, exploitation and general cost to societies of un-regulated (or highly corrupt) health and safety at work laws. I also don't have the same knee-jerk association of unions and criminal gangs that seems to prevail in discussions I've watched americans have. That said, let's move into the meat of the disscusion. 1) a libertarian economy is not interfered with by the goverment. You want to force people to sign slavery contracts? it's allowed. By the same token however, there are no laws preventing people from forming unions, or those unions taking action to promote the interest of their members. If [the industry can maintain blacklists] , so can the unions. If ]a company decides to close stores to punish union members] , they run the risk of a rival firm that will work with unions taking the bulk of the sales in that area. An antagonistic culture between unions and corporations is not the only option of course, and companies with forms that favour longer term thinking (like walmart, ironically) but also Waitrose in the uk (employee owned) might thrive when others get bogged down in strikes and penalties. 2) unions get more and more effective the larger they get. At heart, they are simply rebalancing the power between a huge corporation and a single worker. The largest unions appeared in nationalised industries - the largest conglomerates of the day. There is a strong selection pressure for small unions themselves to form alliances, or even full unions with each other to increase their bargining power. An ineffective union will loose members to a more effective one and the market will deliver:) 3) the unions themselves suffer the problem of free-riders. People who do not join but benefit from the union driving up minimum working standards and safety. If providing things like out-of-work support costs the union (and thus the corporations they work with) then companies that manage to avoid using union workforce will face a slight advatnage. As such, for strong unions, it is wise to agitate for political change, so that all workplaces have to conform to those same standards, that union type out of work support have to be applied to the entire workforce to prevent more predatory models from gaining a competitive advantage. This also has the advantage, especially at the minimum level of starvation, slavery and loss of limb I've seen, of being a moral thing to do. 4) Some people may have a very high risk tolerance (for whatever reason), and want to do without the safety nets and complain at the cost or inconvenience it puts on them as an employer, employee or as a tax payer. They will continue to complain, but when their individual demands conflict with organised forces, whether as a corporation, worker's union, or an insurance company, they will loose.