So I'm not sure how many of you guys are aware of the recent events in the MtG world but today a professional player, Zach Jesse, was banned presumably because of his past criminal history which includes a sexual assault guilty plea when he was 19. I'm not aware of the exact circumstances surrounding his offense. What unsettles me about the ban is that it seems to have occurred because another player, Drew Levin, pointed out Jesse's criminal past with a Twitter post: Quick reminder: Zach Jesse is a literal rapist who got away with serving three months of an eight year plea deal." It should be noted that this is a very speculative and misleading statement, as the public is not aware of the details surrounding his plea. Wizards of the Coast gave a short statement saying that the reasoning behind the ban was to ensure that players feel safe at events. Obviously a worthy endeavor, but I don't see how it really applies here. We are talking about large events at convention centers with thousands of people, security, etc. If, in the eyes of the law, he is not considered a threat to the public (i.e. not in jail) then how can Wizards see him as one? And what's the point in attempting to rehabilitate criminals if they are to be forever shunned from participating even in large public events? It's not like the guy is applying for a teaching job at an elementary school or something. They even banned him from online play. Lastly, I do not think Wizards should have taken this action based on a Twitter witch-hunt that was started by another player. If they want to have a universal no criminal record policy at all of their events, then maybe it would be justified. But to selectively ban one person because he was villified on a social media site is pretty unreasonable, IMO. I want to hear people's thoughts on this because it seems like the rmagictcg community is vehemently opposed to the ban. I'd like to hear some outside opinion's. The SRS crowd seems to support the ban, calling rmagictcg a bunch of rape apologists, etc, but then again the SRS crowd is not very logical or reasonable. So I'd like to hear what you all think. CMV, Edit: If anyone can provide a source that he was convicted of rape, I will award you a delta. Edit: So my view has been changed due to new information I have been made aware of regarding the details of Jesse's crime. Anally raping an unconscious girl over a toilet is pretty despicable, I had no idea his offense was even close to that magnitude. Thanks everyone who responded here. I can understand with why Wizards does not want someone who has done something so vulgar to be a top name in their tournament scene. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!