Crossposted from a comment on rskeptic I've read David Fitzgerald, some of Richard Carrier, and the criticisms of both and it seems to me that there is a lot of vitriol on both sides. The mythicists take umbrage at being dismissed as amateurs and dabblers and vociferously defend their hypotheses, the historicists take umbrage at the strenuous attacks, and it all gets very torrid very quickly, and becomes very difficult to actually analyze the actual strength of the arguments. So, as a skeptic, I'm sufficiently intrigued by the Mythicist arguments to profess agnosticism as to the Historical Jesus, for the following reasons: There are no extrabiblical attestations of any significant event from the life of Jesus. On the contrary, events such as the slaughter of the innocents, the census of all the Empire are clearly fictitious, and multiple miracles, the triumphal entry to Jerusalem, and multiple events surrounding the crucifixion are absent from all historical records when there's a reasonable chance that some account of them would have survived, had they occurred at all. The synoptic problem indicates that we are working from at most one source that even approaches being primary, and even that most likely written much later, anonymously, and as hagiography rather than history. Well into the third century, pagan sources mostly recount the existence of Christians and document the claims of Christians. This is at best hearsay. attempts to reconstruct the "real" historical Jesus are invariably unprovable and contradictory with one anotherthere is no consensus. While the vast bulk of NT scholarship presumes an historical Jesus, the "scholarly consensus" should be given less weight since for centuries, such research has been largely a devotional undertaking. Jesus mythicism is very nearly literally heretical, as well as figuratively. At least sufficiently that it deserves consideration even though a strong consensus exists that contradicts it. So, we accept the historical reality of many persons throughout ancient history based on much less proof than gospels and various other pagan mentions. So maybe there was an itinerant sage named Yeshua who ran around, gathered a minor following, and was executed for sedition. But the problems above mean A) we know nothing about him and B) almost everything written about him is unknowable or outright fictitious. I look at it as the difference between "Abraham Lincoln" and "Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter." Notwithstanding that there is an historical person that was the basis, the hero version is a myth. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing! Edit: Gosh, people sure do seem to use the Downvote as a "Disagree" button. Seems odd, when the purpose of the discussion is to engage with people who disagree.