To say that women and men are equal is simply incorrect. I absolutely do not mean to say that one is better than the other, only that there are fundamental physiological differences between men and women that feminists appear to disregard. Now, in my opinion feminism seeks to advocate that anything that men can do, women can also but only when its convenient. To me it seems like feminists want to have their cake and eat it too. I will give a few examples that I always think about to illustrate my point. 1. The Ray Rice incident. What happened was unfortunate and of course he shouldn't have hit his wife. However, if this was Ray hanging out with another football player and knocked him out, this would not have been a story. Its because he punched a woman that this became a big deal. How can the feminist movement suggest "Men should NEVER lay their hands on a woman" but still say that men and women are equal. My answer is that its because men are generally stronger than women, but then that's my point. If you are going to advocate that they are equal then they should receive equal treatment. Again, CMV. 2. Rape cases. In college I have been required to watch numerous sexual harassment videos and attend mandatory training seminars on sexual assault. In these videos they always paint the male as a bad guy and its always targeted towards men. Perhaps I have misunderstood something but if a guy and a girl are both under the influence and they decide to have sex, the girl can then decide the next day that maybe it wasn't a good idea and that the guy should have known better. The guy is then facing rape charges. Why is this on the guy? People use the phrase "Victim Blaming" and say that its not on the girl regardless of the fact that she drunk. So what if she had gotten drunk and drove her car into a tree. Can she then say "Maybe that wasn't a good idea" and then get off the hook? 3. The draft. This one has also bothered me. According to the United States Selective Service Act, all men between ages 18-25 are required to register for the draft and may be picked for military service if the draft were to be implemented. Why are feminists all over the country not outraged about this? Shouldn't it be men AND women that are required to register for the draft? After all, men and women should be able to perform wartime duties equally right? It just seems like people pick and choose when its convenient for gender equality Of course there are certain things that should be equal. Wages, education, etc. However I feel that a push for gender equality in every aspect of life is fundamentally wrong. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!