Hi Reddit. With all the news over the past couple weeks regarding Caitlyn Jenner's transition and coming out, I feel now is a good time to discuss gender's role in society and its position in how people identify as an individual. I would like to preface myself by saying that I identify as a pansexual cis-male, and I certainly have zero issues with people that are transgendered. I do, however, get very confused as to why some people are transgendered. Many people use the phrase, "I am a male trapped in a female's body," or, "my body is male but my brain is female." What does this even mean? From a very young age, people are raised with ideas imposed upon us that dictate what boys are and what girls are, and these perceptions have nothing to do with the biological sex of someone and are typically based upon baseless stereotypical personality traits or what that gender should like to do. We are taught boys should play with toy cars and tools while girls are supposed to like barbies and dresses. These stereotypes are completely disparate from the reality that people are often multi-faceted, and might like many things across several disciplines and across several "gender" boundaries. I, personally, love to wrench my own car, build things, and in the same day I might decide to look totally different and wear makeup as an artistic outlet or go out shopping with friends to look at heels. These interests have nothing to do with my biological sex, and shouldn't have an affect on how I identify. Society has dictated that girls do certain things and boys do certain things. What does this mean when someone who is anatomically male tends to like a lot of the things that the opposite gender stereotypically likes? I think it's unfair to oneself to say, "I like girl things so therefore I'm a girl," or, "I like looking like a girl so I'm a girl." This idea of outward presentation equating to one's gender identity seems restrictive to me. I question how many people would identify as transgender if these societal norms became antiquated and everyone was truly free to express all sides of themselves regardless of physical sex. It should not be odd to be a very "feminine" person (makeup, hair, dress, etc) and be anatomically male and identify as a male despite one's outward aesthetic. There shouldn't even be an emphasis in society as to what gonads someone possesses. I believe far less people would identify as transgender, especially considering some people that are transgendered do not want sexual reassignment surgery, if we, as a society, were more open minded about individuality instead of trying to group people together based on their gender. If one doesn't even want to have SRS, but they want to live their life "as a woman," how is this not simply perpetuating the heteronormative ideologies imposed upon us? One shouldn't have to explain to society who they are with their gender just because they don't fit into the false dichotomy of malefemale. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!