I'm seeing posts everywhere regarding the "safe space" that reddit is destined to become under the new CEO's leadership, but have not been able to find any agenda from Pao herself that seems controversial at all: the only thing I've seen her say is that she's concerned about harassment and threats, and I would argue that both of those issues are not only deserving of attention, but not at all shocking. I've also seen people say that subreddits critical of Pao have been removed, but there are always other factors at play in the comments and there are several still going, plus about five front page posts per day about what a horrible person she is, so I don't know if I can call that censorship either. In short, I feel that the predictions about reddit becoming an environment that bans free speech or whatever are wildly overblown. Ignoring her personal life (which, scandal ridden or not is irrelevant to her performance at reddit) can you change my view? Here I also might need to concede that even if subs devoted to harrassment were banned (CoonTown, fatpeoplehate, etc etc ad infinitum), I don't think reddit or the world would be losing anything of value. I'm embarrassed to tell people I come here because of those subs, and I don't think that reddit or any privately held corporation is under obligation to host anything of that nature. So while I don't see them getting removed, I wouldn't she a single tear if they did. This is of course a different debate, but one that likely plays a role in my view here. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!