There's a federal law which prohibits anyone from buying a vote or paying someone to withold their vote, or accepting anything for a vote. The spirit of this law is that the vote should be your own, informed choice, rather than letting someone else make the decision for you. Point 1 - The ncsl site details some terribly inefficient and time consuming ways to verify someone's identity without an ID. Time needs to be used to look up data and then more time needs to be spent comparing data. And then more time after that when things dont match up and you have to fix argue your want through. Point 2 - I have trouble understanding the argument about how requiring IDs to vote is discriminatory in a bad way. The argument is that requiring an ID would discourage poor people from voting. Even the poorest citizens engage smoking and drinking, which are activities that they probably have been asked for an ID for. I find it inconceivable that someone without an ID would be someone capable of making an informed vote. If you couldn't find the time out of all the years in your life and maybe 10 dollars to get an ID, then I believe that you are the exact type of irresponsible person who should not be voting at all. Point 3 - There are long lines at voting and requiring IDs would cut it down. The government requires employers to pay workers while they take off to go vote. I can think of many employers who will tell you to take the whole day off rather than pay you a full day for half a day's work. This is a partially broken law which only works for full time employees. Part time employees, which generally make less money, often cannot take advantage of this. I'd make the argument that by not requiring ID's to vote, they are discriminating against people whose time is more valuable than voting. I believe the best way to encourage voting is to make voting easier and less time consuming. Point 4 - Perhaps instead of trying to tackle enormously expensive projects like free healthcare and free college, we can start with the easy and low cost high benefit ones like free ID cards.