Edit: To clarify, I don't mean to say that the type of people with poor crisis management aren't at risk for killing themselves; by "legitimacy" I'm talking about how valid the wish to die is in the first place. I also don't think that crisis hotlines are unnecessary or should be eliminated, because they very obviously help people. Those who are legitimately suicidal as I'm defining it in this post are those who actually want to die, and have a rational reason for doing so, rather than simply acting on impulse or using death as an escape from an acutely stressful situation. The duration of time that someone has a suicidal with isn't necessarily indicative of whether their wish to die is legitimate or not, but I think that having time to consider a decision and its alternatives generally helps with rationality. I also don't intend to claim that depression is a necessity for being suicidal or "legitimately suicidal," although I'm sure it increases the likelihood of being so. Also, downvotes don't change views, people. I've suffered from very severe depression for most of my life, and have considered suicide quite frequently. One of the things people like to throw out is contact information to suicide hotlines, but they've never been helpful to me. My personal experience aside, I really don't see how these crisis hotlines could help someone who legitimately wants to die (as opposed to someone who uses suicide or self-harm as an escape from acutely painful emotions or a stressful situation). If you were set on dying, then why would you want to call a hotline like that in the first place? I think that if someone wanted to die, they wouldn't commit suicide on an impulse in a moment of crisis; they would do research and try to carry out suicide in the most effective way possible with the least chance of error. Calling a hotline is also not going to change any of the external factors that would lead up to someone being suicidal. Perhaps they would help the person consider their issues in a different light, but again I think that's evidence of poor stress management. I can't make any statements to whether or not my personal suicidal wishes are "legitimate" or not because there is always the looming possibility that my mental illness is clouding my judgement to some extent, but I think that it's theoretically possible that someone would want to die on a rational basis. I also don't think that suicide hotlines are generally helpful for the chronically depressed, but that's only tangential to my main argument. Once you're mentally ill for a long period of time, (I think the issue of mental illness and consent become very clouded, if for no other reason than it's impractical to deny someone consent for the majority of their lives because of a mental health condition.) It seems like the wish to die in and of itself is a basis to claim that someone is not acting in their right state of mind, which I think is illogical and unfortunate. I know this paragraph was written somewhat messily, and I apologize for that. I'm just trying to provide some context for my view. I will be happy to clarify anything for anyone that asks. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!