First lets make a couple of things clear: I do not necessarily believe that government spying on its own citizens is ok, and thats not what this post is about. This post is about the following: Often times someone might make the argument "if you're not doing anything wrong, you have nothing to worry about" defending government collection of data. To counter people will bring up the "bathroom lock" analogy: We all lock the door when we go to the bathroom even though what we're doing is not inherently wrong. My problem with this is that it is actually arguable that bathroom locks are an analogy in FAVOUR of "government back doors." Most bathroom locks are not designed to keep intruders out - they are designed to make sure someone doesn't accidentally walk in on you. But in fact it is common to see in bathroom locks a very simple unlocking mechanism - one that can be unlocked simply by pressing a bobby pin in the hole. This is put in place with safety in mind - if something happens to you while you're in the bathroom someone can get in and save you without breaking down the door. I don't know about you, but this is something that comforts me. In the same way that no one wants to see me shit and would only actually use this "backdoor" through the bathroom lock in emergencies, the government doesn't care about my email to my mom about my sisters birthday, and only actually use collected data when it might be of some help fighting terrorism. When I noticed this I couldn't think about any reason why what I have said above is wrong, so please, CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!