To start, I'm not here to discuss wealth distribution, or income inequality. They are real issues that need to be addressed, and as much as governments like to talk about the middle class, they aren't doing much that actually helps them. The inflation: Middle class families used to live in 2-4 bedroom 1-2 bath bungalows in the suburbs or small towns. Quite often siblings would share a bedroom, there would be fights over who got to shower first because there was only one shower and a finite amount of hot water. You packed a sandwich for lunch, dad drove the one car the family owned and would own for the next 10 years to work and mom walked or took transit if available. Clothing was handed down to younger siblings or cousins, there was one modestly sized TV in the house, and when families got a computer it was for the entire family to share. Vacations where often to go camping somewhere which would involve tents and no electricity, not 50' trailers with full kitchens, bathrooms and wifi, and if you were to go on a trip to another country or something, it was something the family saved up for and didn't happen every year. If something was broken, you fixed it instead of throwing it out and buying three more. While all of that might sound like it came out of Leave it to Beaver or The Brady Bunch, I grew up in the 90's. Now, "middle class" people are shopping for luxurydesigner brand clothing, cars, and other goods. It's practically considered child abuse to suggest that kids share a bedroom or don't have their own computer, tablet, and phone, and there is no way they would wear clothing handed down or two years old. Suburbansmall town homes are multi level McMansions with granite counter tops, stainless steel appliances, multiple big screen tvs, and master bathrooms with Jacuzzi tubs and rain showers. The family car is two or three cars, potentially more if there kids old enough to drive at home, and instead of the kids going for a weekend at grandma's while the parents drive three hours away for a vacation where they stay in a motel and go out for a nice dinner, the whole family flies to an all inclusive resort in another country. Yes, many of those things are cheaper than they once were, but many of them would have been considered luxuries or unattainable a generation ago and that would have been perfectly acceptable. Instead we lament the decline of the "middle class" while we continue to inflate what a middle class lifestyle is supposed to look like. tl;dr the "middle class" is shrinking because what used to be defined as middle class would currently be considered below it, and what is currently "middle" class would have been upper-middle to "rich" in the past. Instead of lamenting the decline of the middle class we should reevaluate how we define it. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!