What is code exactly? Code is the instructions that tell a computer what to do Why is there code? Without code, we wouldn't be able to get a computer to do anything. Or perhaps we would, but it would have to be built for a single task. It's the code that enables us to take advantage of the flexibility of a computer, to get it to do whatever we want. What are the different "languages" used for? Some are fast and powerful, but difficult to use. Others aren't quite as powerful, but are much easier, making them better for beginners, but also better for writing simple software that doesn't need to do anything complicated (because it's quicker and easier to write in these simpler languages). Some are specifically designed for a particular purpose - for using in web pages, for doing mathematical tasks, for handling lots of data. Others are more general-purpose. And very often there's more than one language for doing exactly the same thing. What could one make knowing code? Every single thing your computer does, is made using code. Every single thing it ever could do, could be done by writing code to do it.',' What is code exactly? Code is a bunch of complex computer commands, each one made up of simpler commands combined in clever ways. The commands get simpler and simpler until you end up with commands like "move these bits and those bits over here and add them together." At that point, hardware takes over and moves electrical or magnetic representations of bits around between computer parts and through circuits. Languages are just sets of commands (mostly all at roughly the same level of complexity within a language, but with some variation - low and high level commands). Java and c, for instance, are similarly high level (abstracted from hardware commands), but vary in available commands, names of commands, and syntax (to some degree). Why is there code? To make it easier for people to program computers and solve problems. What are the different "languages" used for? Most languages you've heard of are general purpose languages. They are useful for most programming tasks, like desktop applications for example. Some languages are useful for manipulating graphics. Some are good at complex math. Some are good for complex logic (artificial intelligence). Some are good for parsing textlanguages. Some are good for interacting withscripting the operating system. And so on. What could one make knowing code? Lots of things. Anything you can think of that requires planning and processing information, can be programmed. Business processes are a good example. Any task you do at work, and its associated decision making, can be automated.