Unrelated, but it's actually possible that ancient relatives of crocodiles had external ears. The bit where you'd put modern crocs' earlid muscles was greatly developed in land-based cousins called notosuchians, and even further in a subgroup called the baurusuchids. This implies they had something over their ears that needed to be wiggled, and they weren't exactly keeping water out of their ears regularly. So yeah. Possible land crocs with ears, big enough to hunt dinosaurs. Mesozoic be whack yo. EDIT: Unfortunately their ears were not in fact superpredators. This is why I need to grammar. EDIT2: [Have a speculative reconstruction by a cool dude I know.] (URL0)," "We don't conclusively know. We do have a few indicators. Cartilage usually attaches to bone or connects in such a way that leaves marks. Beyond this we can look at their closest relatives. Dinosaurs were the ancestors to birds, which have no ears. Dinosaurs were cousins to lizards and other large reptiles, who again have no ears and kind of suck for hearing. While they may have had ears in the sense of audio sensing organs, they almost certainly did not have ears as we recognize on mammals. Edit- Officially my highest rated comment ever," "It's notable that for animals that we've only found skeletons that artist depictions are probably missing things like loose skin and fat deposits. Unfortunately I can't find a better source so Buzzfeed it shall be. Two paleontologists took skeletons of modern animals and sketched them the way we've been historically sketching dinosaurs. URL1 Granted they took a good bit of artistic liberty for emphasis.,We have found dinosaurs with an outline of their skin fossilized and some with organs. Recently they found a dinosaur so well preserved they are calling it a dinosaur mummy. URL2','The remains from cartilaginous protrusions would be visible in sedimentary deposits. For example, look at [this] (URL3) cast made from the body of someone who died in Pompeii during the Vesuvius explosion. His cartilaginous nose is visible. Dinosaurs would have left similar impressions.', "I'm not a relevant expert, but doesn't cartilage usually attach to bones leaving telltale marks? Measurements of tendon attachment points gives information about muscle size, for example...," "The short answer is, we can't know for sure 100, from dinosaur to dinosaur. But there are some things we do know. Impressions left by dinosaurs haven't shown us anything weird yet. Birds tend not to have cartilaginous ears and noses, so it's unlikely their ancestors did. And also, cartilage leaves very minute traces of their existence in the form of bone shape, and stress points. For an example, look at the skull of an elephant. We can guess just by examining it really closely how much weight the muscles surrounding the skull were supporting, and where a protrusion was likely based on tiny grooves left on the bone near the nose left by muscle. Logically, if such grooves were present in dinosaur bone, we could conclude similar protrusions. Nothing we've found so far seems to suggest cartilaginous protrusions, but that could change with just the right specimen. Source: Am volunteer who worked on dinosaur bone, who asked this exact question to my Paleontologist supervisors.," "We don't for sure. The only dinosaurs we have actually seen are all feather and fly around, and those don't have noses or ears like humans (although they do have those dangly turkey do-dahs in certain species) Other dinosaurs were probably more similar to modern day reptiles, which again don't tend to have these protrusions. It is hard to know what something looks like when you only have bones to go on.,At one point it was theorized that sauropods had trunks. URL4','Sometimes dinosaur fossils are preserved with skin impressions or other remains (e.g., keratin in dermal spines, beaks, or claws). Some did have "non-bone" structures that protruded out from the body. For example, [some sauropod dinosaurs had spikes along their back] (URL6) [PDF], and [skin impressions are known] (URL5) [PDF]. Getting such preservation in key parts of the body is a matter of great luck, but for some dinosaurs and some parts of the body there are constraints on the possibility of soft-tissue "protrusions., "Okay, so I've rambled about crocs a bit, but in regards to dinosaurs themselves... There are such things as'dino mummies', where some flesh also turned to stone along with the bones during fossilisation. Like that nodosaur, the armoured dino in the news recently. I believe the only major soft-tissue one was an Edmontosaurus, where they found it had a comb on the top of its head, much like a chicken does. There are 2D variants for smaller animals, like how Archeopteryx still has its feathers preserved. I believe the most relevant is a 125 million year old mammal called Spinolestes that was preserved in enough detail that you could still see the ears. As far as I know there haven't been any records of cartilaginous extensions.,You can actually construct a phylogenetic tree that correctly places saurusthician dinosaurs, such as T. Rex, as the ancestors of modern birds. You would see that nowhere along the genetic tree did cartiligeous appendages appear between dinos and birds, so we find it likely that dinos did not have ears or a discrete nose. We also base it on the musculoskeletal structure we see in fossils, and we model facial features. Basically, dinosaurs did not have the proper musculature to move their ears if they had them, so we find it unlikely once again.', "We have found preserved enough heads to know that at least those specific dinosaurs had no protruding ears. While we haven't found a lot of well enough preserved heads none of the ones we have found have ears so it's pretty safe to assume none did. It is an assumption though.," "In science it's always best to keep it as simple as possible until you get more information, this is why the image of dinosaurs keeps changing even today when we get more information. However this doesn't stop artist from creating their own interpretations on what could or could not happen and that helps with the mystery in a beautiful, strange or funny way (look up sauropod neck flaps or fluffy t-rex) There are a few examples where we do know that were sporting extra bits and pieces. The horned dinosaurs, ceratopsians, likely had keratin covering their horns leading to some crazy possibilities very similar to horns on a ram or rhinoceros. Keratin erodes easily so it doesn't get preserved leaving what we see on the skulls today. Edit: a word,This might be dumb question but If dinosaurs were killed off by a meteor how are they ancestors to birds?', "I strongly recommend'All Yesterdays' by Darren Naish, a book about speculative biology. For example, the point out that [this] (URL7) is probably what we'd construct from a baboon skeleton using the same techniques we use to reconstruct dinosaurs. Odds are, they had just as many weird protusions, flashy colors, and other ornamentation as modern animals do. We just have absolutely no idea which had what. Also, we have lots of examples of dinosaurs that were in cold climates, we'd expect them to be fat or fluffy, and possibly kind of adorkable.:),Cartilage is anchored on bone. Is you see ridges of bones in weird areas they were either anchoring cartilage or muscle. This Is how we can reconstruct animals too',Interesting lecture about exceptionally well preserved fossils at the Geological society of London.] (URL8) ', "Generally speaking, cartilage doesn't fossilize because it deteriorates rapidly. With that being said, we can use their closest living relatives and special fossils to support the lack of ears or a nose. Their closest living descendents, birds, lack external ears and have since the Cretaceous (based on fossils from ChinaMongolia). Additionally, crocodilians lack cartilage ears as well. Simplistically, crocodilians split from dinosaurs way back in the Triassic - before dinosaurs became as derived. This means that the cousins (crocodile-like archosaurs) and direct descendents (birds) lack cartilage appendages. We can deduce that dinosaurs PROBABLY didn't have ears as we know them. The most telling way we can deduce the external appearance of dino ears is really, really well preserved fossils. Dinosaur mummies (there are more than you'd expect) show just an external meatus and no external appendages.,We don't. URL9 From first link; "Ears are made of cartilage and skin, and these are soft tissues which typically do not preserve well in the fossil record. So paleontologists look closely at modern animals for answers. While mammals have large protruding ears, the closest living relatives of the dinosaurs, birds and reptiles, do not. So it seems very unlikely that dinosaurs would sport large floppy ears. Birds have ear openings. These are holes just below and behind the eyes. Sometimes these ear opening can be quite large, but you just can't see them because they are covered in feathers. It seems likely that dinosaurs had the same type of ear openings, that may have also been covered in feathers.,'I would love to see more speculative art on this subject. I often wonder what strange abilities dinosaurs would have had. Just look at current species. Some frogs spray blood from their eyes for defense. What noises would they have made? Did some of them dance like birds of paradise?','Easy. You look at animals that are understood to have similar evolutionary traits (ie more directly descended from dinos). See any crocodiles with ears or noses?', "How do we know the dinosaurs didn't have a space program?," "We dont know that for certain. We can check skulls for muscle attachment points, but they arent always obvious, we can check some of the really well preserved dinosaurs for preserved cartilage, but thats not exact either. We can also check their evolutionary closest cousins, birds and lizards, and find that they do not have notable cartilage protrusions. It seems most likely that the sketches we have are about accurate (Not accounting for stuff we cant find, like fat deposits), but we cannot be certain that they didn't have something that wasn't preserved (possibly not cartilage, its possible that some dinos had large skin flaps or fat deposits in areas that would drastically change how they look, or they might have had something like cartilage that we have no name for that changed how they looked but was soft enough to not require muscle and not be preserved).," "A similar question: How do we know that some dinosaurs, like the Archaeopteryx had feathers? Because we occasionally get prints preserved of the intact animals. URL10 Further, it's a fairly common belief among paleontologists that birds are direct ancestors from dinosaurs, and to my knowledge, modern birds have no such cartilage appendage.," "I'm just guessing here but wouldn't there have been at least a few instances where cartilage structures were noticeable in a fossil? Maybe under the perfect circumstances of preservation? Of all the fossils discovered?,Also keep in mind that everything we know about dinos is only from those living along shallow inland seas. We have 0 info on dinos from any other landscape.','They probably did to some degree. Consider a chickens comb and wattle. Its external soft tissue that exists in a related species of T Rex.', "Wouldn't convergent evolution imply that dinosaurs might have evolved traits that have proven useful in other animals?,ive been saying this for so long, and how do we know how they sound?