Kim Jong-un is a huge fan of basketball. Dennis Rodman is there by invitation (and whatever crazy reasons he has personally). You wouldn't be killed there, though. They deny a lot of people entrance to their country arbitrarily, but if they did let you in, you'd just be watched at all times, most likely.," "Anyone can go to North Korea, including Americans with American passports. You just have to go in through Beijing. There's a ton of tour companys, such as Koryo Tours, who take Americans there almost constantly. If you can afford to get to Beijing and pay a tour company, you can go to North Korea.,The Kim dynasty are huge fans of the Chicago Bulls', "This is due to a VICE documentary in which their'angle' to get into the country was to bring with them 3 All-star basketball players for a game - Kim Jong-Un is a massive fan of basketball. This allowed them unprecedented access to North Korea, and Kim Jong-Un actually unexpectedly turned up to the game and invited them all to a meal afterwards, at which Dennis Rodman befriended him. It's a bit of a grey area him hanging out with them.... - On one level, which is fantastic, and why he's still doing it I assume, he's creating a good link between the west and the most isolated country in the world. Maybe his interactions with North Korea will help them see the light and not want to continue being insane? - On another level, by befriending Kim Jong-Un, is Dennis Rodman condoning North Korea's horrendous domestic and international policies? It's a difficult one, but I like to stick to the former, because it can't hurt to try, right? EDIT: Formatting and a few words!,The direct answer is because he is invited by the head of state in North Korea. The idea of this happening is absurd for most observers of North Korea. What we all believe is how tightly controlled NK is,and how people who visit are guided at all times. There are only a few approved haircuts, TV and radio are all governed by the state. So nobody is allowed to see what goes on in the real world. Now contrast this with Dennis Rodman, a controversial figure even in the US. Being invited by the head of NK to visit. The man does not have an approved haircut, he has metal parts on his face, he does not know any decorum as how to treat the head of state. Now if he was just allowed to meet secretly with the leader that would make more sense. But in fact they have large events where Rodman participates. NK has sent a baseball team to the US to train. Rodman has met quite a few NK people, and been seen by many thousands. The NK people (only some of them) now have to process that people can look like that, behave like that. Its a shocking experience I am sure. We should not underestimate the importance of these events. Rodman is an ambassador of sports sure, but also of American culture. What he is not is a directly political ambassador. I think it is awesome that these exchanges takes place. They are tiny microsteps, and even some not that small. that may give a glimpse of a slight softening up in North Korea. I am convinced it will take a lot of time, but I think there might be possibilities now.','Kim Jong-Un is a huge fan of basketball and Rodman hosts basketball tournaments featuring former NBA players and Rodman became friends with Kim Jong-Un.', "VICE has a documentary about best Korea. They bribed their way in through China. It's kinda wierd how they are following a tour of madness once inside. URL0,I think the better question would be, "Why can't Dennis Rodman just stay in North Korea?, "My personal theory is that Rodman and his lot are actually working for the CIA. (Not the first time US intelligence has recruited sports stars look up Moe Berg at some point.) Considering how little we know about Kim Jong Un's psychology and how much is riding on it even just one or two personal conversations could make a huge difference.,I heard rumor that he really wanted Jordan but settled for Rodman when Pippen also declined.','It's not a big deal. I am American and went to NK last year. Signed up for a tour, had a great time. Wish I had known more about the country before I visited, as a lot of this makes a lot more sense after having been there. What a wild place. Think of it. Millions of people with no internet, no idea of the outside world. It's like a veritable Truman Show. I was constantly watched. Constantly escorted. And I only saw what they wanted me to see. Any deviation required permissions from the "head office., "You actually can travel to the DRPK as a tourist, there are companies that arrange it (well, I think it's actually one company, state controlled, that operates through china). Depends on where you have citizenship, and you do take the risk that today is the day they decide to kidnap all the tourists in the country and hold them hostage. But it is possible to go on'guided' tours. Rodman as others say is there by invitation, and, importantly, US government rules on travelling to the DPRK are bad, but not as bad as they could be. You're not going to end up in jail for having spent money there while travelling.,The Kims have always been known to have harems of Women chosen for their beauty plucked for their families for the use by the state. These women are used to entertain members of state as well as their guests. Rodman is well renowned for his drug use, partying, and sexual deviancy. Who knows what really was happening over there, but I am sure he was partying his ass off.','First let's dispel a couple myths. American's can enter North Korea on tour groups during certain times of the year. You will not be arrested simply for being an American in North Korea If invited by a government official you may travel to North Korea at any time. In Rodman's case he's invited by Kim Jong Un because the DPRK's leader is a big basketball fan, in particular the Chicago Bull's championship team (Jordan, Rodman, Pippen). Other notable people have traveled to North Korea under invitation such as Google's Eric Schmitt. While not everyone is approved anyone can apply to go on a tour in North Korea. The country doesn't usually turn down visitors unless your a member of the US government or a member of the media. Cellphones and computers are usually confiscated, and you travel with a state appointed tour guide and "minder." You don't have someone with a machine gun following you everywhere. You are put in a state run hotel for foreign visitors and the prices for things are rather high compared to what other's in the country pay (still cheap by 1st world standards) and everything is paid for in Euros.', "My friend recently went there with Dennis Rodman and the basketball players that were just there. She said that pretty much anyone can go there as long as they aren't causing problems and speaking out against the government. She also talked about how her and her father received a lot of negative attention towards the whole thing and people saying that they support Kim Jong Un. But she explained it like this, North Korea wants to be isolated for a reason, and by people ignoring them, they are getting what they want. In order for there to be change, we have to show them in a positive way that we are good people and that may spark people to change. It really opened my eyes.,Gotta love your government when it lets you travel to North Korea but not Cuba.','You might go there and show respect but as Gadhi said "when the law is not respectable, I dont respect the law." I wont be going any time soon','Because the Korean people see him as fool and a court jester who they laugh at for their own entertainment.','Min Jong-Il and Kim Jong-Un both love basketball. VICE, a news outlet of sorts convinced some basketball players to go to North Korea as a friendly gesture endorsed by the US government. Dennis rodman is the united states unofficial ambassador to the hermit kingdom. You can watch the documentary from the visit on HBO or watch a clip of it [here] (URL1) ', "Yeah - he could have just checked himself into one of the North Korean'Re-hab Clinics' - I hear they have a lot of them, like camps...some people like them so much, they never leave...,I read this as "Why DOESN'T Dennis Rodman...," which seems like a more pertinent question.', "ELI5: Why can't Dennis Rodman hang out in North Korea ALL the time?,Because it is not illegal to travel to N.K., just not advised','If you think the reason Rodman gets special priviledge is simply because Kim Jong-un is a big basketball fan and they are "buddies" then you are being naive. While this may be true, Kim Jong-un is using Rodman as a political tool to undermine President Obama and America. It makes Obama look weak in that Kim will grant a foolish figure like Rodman more influence on his country than the leader of the free world. For example, he would deny Obama's request for the release of captured reporters but would do it for his basketball buddy. It also furthers the narrative that Kim is a unstable and crazy leader with some nukes which gives him even more power. I know North Korea is a joke but don't oversimplify it.', "Even North Korea isn't crazy enough to hurt foreign citizens who have a permission to be there. It would cause a huge diplomatic incident and after that nobody would go there again (foreign diplomats, doctors, entertainers etc). So it's in North Korea's best interest that their guests remain safe and well-treated. If you entered North Korea illegally or clearly broke laws while in there you might have a harder time, but even so your government and North Korea would probably work together to resolve the issue and let you go.,I'd like to think that Rodman has a secret agenda: after all the booze and drugs and laughs and tears, after Jong-un trusts him as a friend, he will casually start to push human rights. "Hey bro. You know we're buddies right? So don't take this the wrong way. That girl we were wrecking last night? She says here village is starving. Maybe we should do something to help?" Yeah, nevermind.', "Watch the HBO series Vice Guide. It's there second time going to N. Korea undercover. They went with Dennis Rodman and some of the Harlem Globetrotters as somewhat of a diplomatic mission, at least from the Basketball players POV. Vice was there for gonzo journalism," "Off topic, but my dad has a funny theory that Dennis Rodman is actually a CIA operative who is reporting back any intel he can to the US. It's kinda out there and probably not what's going on, but goddamn would that be awesome.,Actually you can find the real reason [here] (URL2) media coverage from western civilization is not allowed. they basically used the knowledge that Jong-un is a basketball nut and used rodman as a key to get media coverage','Dear Mods- if you have to remove this many posts complaining about the quality of this question, you might want to look at the post itself? This is garbage.', "It's perfectly legal. It's not like he's trying to do something crazy like go to Cuba.,Because the leader of North Korea is a fan of his.', "The bigger question needs to be asked..why hasn't Dennis Rodmans US passport been revoked? He is obviously doing damage to our interests over there. I am the furthest person from being a conspiracy theorist, and I actually have a history degree..but I have this feeling that Dennis Rodman is actually working for the CIA over there to gather intell from within the country about the leadership apparatus of North Korea. Publically, they make it seem like he is rogue and they work off his alcohol issues to make it seem plausible. Thoughts?," "I think the better question is why don't we see if they'll keep him. Maybe they'd trade us back some journalists or some of those concentration camp prisoners. Does Kim Jong Un like any other ellebrities? What could we get for Kimye? If we gave him Miley Vyrus would he shut down the nuclear program? Let's give him the entire cast of the Jersey Shore as a show of good faith.," "I'm still waiting an answer from the State Department (I know, good luck with that) on how he is able to obtain a passport to travel with having child support arrears. Anyone know his magic around this one? Best I could find is currently 219,000 in arrears.," "Lots of people go to North Korea. A few of my friends have been and had a lovely time. I don't know why you think it would get you killed. He's also the guest of Kim Jon Un, so he's probably not suspected of spying.," "Because he's doing some part time work for the govt. Who better to spy on NK than a cocaine fueled crazy man? He's got government agent written all over him.... Literally - it's a tattoo on his left arm.,North Korea makes some money by running tours, although they are very controlled and filled with propaganda. They start in China. This video of vice going in should answer a lot of questions about this: URL3', "I feel like dennis rodman is the real world equivalent to the episode of 30 rock where tracy jordan is kim jung ill's best friend and they made movies about how great he is," "Because Dennis Rodman is too much of a fool to realize that he's being played by Kim Jong-un to act as a propaganda machine for North Korea and communism.,Anyone can hang out in NK.... its as simple as filling out a form and answering a few questions and showing some ID.... stop watching so much news.','Why is this any different from what happened with Jane Fonda and Vietnam? Why is Dennis Rodman not facing the same public recourse?', "My grandma who lives in Boca Raton says that rodman hangs out at the local IHOP all the time. Yeah I'm contributing!,to fuck the korean hoes plus kim jong-un wants to be an nba player so its like a mutual thing','Americans are allowed in North Korea. Your activities in the country are very limited and supervised but you can go.','im just waiting for dennis rodman to screw something up in north korea that will get him executed for something.', "Kim Jong-un had his uncle executed because he was a drunken womaniser. But he's ok with Dennis Rodman?,There is an amazing documentary done by Vice magazine on NK. I would highly recommend watching it. [Youtube!] (URL4) ','Because he needed to go to rehab for alcohol abuse and those dont exist in N Korea.','I bet he gets girls for his liking, drugs, more girls, booze and more girls.', "I bet Dennis Rodman has stated to Kim Jong-Un that he's sympathetic to communist ideals.," ..."um try exercising your religious freedoms in North Korea! You're in for a surprise...,Let us take you to the most mysterious country in the world... URL5', "I think the more appropriate question is why can't he just stay there?,Because nobody else wants to bother with that turkey!','Kim Jong-un likes basketball, and Dennis Rodman likes attention.', "He's too retarded to be of much harm,He just checked into rehab today...that explains it.','Dennis Rodman and dear leader jr. are hommies.','because he is a spy. im not kidding.