If it were a single wave, it would not convey so much. But sounds like you describe are a series of waves, spread out over time and interpreted by an excellent computer your brain.','You can encode a huge amount of information in a single wave. This can be done due to a property called waveform addition. If you take the sound of a voice and the sound of a piano, you can record them both individually as separate waveforms. You can then add them together to produce a more complex single wave. Here is a simple version of adding 2 waves together. URL0', "Dunno if I can answer your question directly but I'm a music major undergrad taking beginning audio. Basically all we talk about is the science of sound and how we can manipulate it. Sound, or better yet, specific tones vibrate a certain amount of times in one second. For example the tone A440 will vibrate 440 times in one second. Beyond that though are overtones and partials (basically the same thing) where you will have other tones sort of inside the principal tone. It's easier to explain with a drawing, but a quick google search of the overtone series should give you plenty of info. Anyway, the reason A440 will sound different on a piano than a guitar is because of timbre. This is essentially the overtone series put to work. Different instruments will have different overtones to create their characteristic sound. Furthermore, if you are tech savvy and have a DAW (Digital Audio Workstation) you can manipulate these overtones to either make a guitar sound like a piano, or create whole new fictional instruments based on acoustic ones we already have. They will do this for movies based on sci-fi books and the like. Someone else correct me if I'm wrong. To be honest I've had seven exams this week, it's Friday, and I'm high af.," "Frequency. The rate and fluctuation of which your' auditory cortex is inundated with sound hitting it determines the way you interpret it. If I hit something once it's a sharp whack, but hit it 1000 times per second it's a steady tone. Just like how a dog whistle cannot be perceived by humans, but dogs with more superb hearing can register the sound which basically isn't real to humans.,The simple answer is just that waves are incredible complex and the sounds you describe look nothin like the sine waves one thinks about when thinking about waves. Just [look] (URL1) at the difference between a plugged guitar string and a cymbal crash.','There are different frequencies, tones, pitches, and densities very much like the variety in types of waveforms. If you look at the waveform visualization of an audio you can see the differences in volume and such.