Chess was "westernized" a bit, the queen piece was originally called an advisor for the king who often wielded the true power while the king held a more ceremonial position. Like Jafar from Aladdin.', "Chess is a bit older than that, though no-one knows quite how old its precursors have been around from more than 2000 years. It was invented in Asia, so when it was adopted in Europe the pieces were'renamed'. So for example, the Indian game Chaturanga which is a precursor to modern chess has a piece called an Advisor, which is the equivalent of the chess Queen piece. As to why the piece was (re) named'Queen' when it was translated I have no idea, maybe because it was next to the king on the starting board? Edit: it's to its.,Arabs transferred the game from India through Persia to the west, in Arabic the names of the pieces are: - King Malek (King) - Queen Wazir (Which means literally Adviser, but it was equivalent to modern days Prime Minister) - Bishop Fil (Elephant) - Knight Hesan or Faras (Horse) - Rook [Rokh] (URL1) (It is a mythical creature in Arabic mythology that is like a very huge eagle that can carry an Elephant), in Modern Arabic however it is usually called Tabia (or Watch Tower) - Pawn Baidaq (foot soldier) So queen and bishop are European names that were not found in the original game and were added relatively recently. For more info check [Shatranj] (URL0).','From [Wiki] (URL2) it sounds as if the Queen used to be a relatively weaker piece till about 1500, and when she gained extra moves, it was derogatorilly called "Mad Queen's Chess"! The queen and bishop remained relatively weak until[15] between 1475 AD and 1500 AD, in either Spain, Portugal, France or Italy, the queen's and bishop's modern moves started and spread, making chess close to its modern form. This form of chess got such names as "Queen's Chess" or "Mad Queen Chess" (Italian alla rabiosa "with the madwoman.[51] This led to much more value being attached to the previously minor tactic of pawn promotion.[20] Checkmate became easier and games could now be won in fewer moves....The modern move of the queen may have started as an extension of its older ability to once move two squares with jump, diagonally or straight.',The birth of the Chess Queen" by Marilyn Yalom gives a great history of how the traditional male vizier role was usurped by a female during the middle ages through to the 1400 (?) because of a prevalence of female monarchs. URL3','King: carries all the treasure, so only 1 space Queen: royal guard, elite troops. Greatest mobility Rook: originally elephant. Straight line bulldozer Knight: horse gallops, then attacks with side slash Bishop: originally a ship that tacks against the wind. Euro adoption required prominent place for The Church, so they took the spot closest to the royals. Pawn: initial Charge! of two, then marching speed 1. Shield up front, so attacks at angle either side of it.', "A womens status was important in medieval society if she was in the aristocracy or monarchical family. Their is a difference between status and rights. A women back then didn't have the freedom she had today but a high ranking medieval women still enjoyed a high status compared to serfs, commoners, etc.,When chess was modernized, it was done so mostly with the goal of speeding up the game. The original game with out bishops,a queen, and pawns only moving forward one square made the game too long. The modern chess pieces where added to speed up the game,and it was rebranded as a royal battle because modern chess originated in Europe. So the queen being the strongest piece on the board has nothing to do with how women were viewed at the time,the queen was made powerful to speed up the game.','You can win without a Queen, you cannot win without a King.','Pussy was, and will ever be the strongest weapon', "Commenters pointing out that the queen was originally an'adviser piece' are correct but it is also interesting to know that it used to be the weakest backfield piece (able only to move one square diagonally in any direction). It's rise as the most dominant piece on the board coincides with the rules of prominent female monarchs such as Elizabeth I. There is a book on this called Birth of the Chess Queen: A History by Marilyn Yalom,Honestly I just thought the king was whipped, explains why he can only go one space at a time but his wife can go where she wants. Bloody double standards!','It is a modern miss-assumption that ancient women were not powerful. Women ran the Ottoman empire directly for [130 years] (URL4). Their influence only grew as societies transitioned from groups of warlike states into civilizations. They were the explicit rulers in China, Egypt and the power behind the throne often enough to earn a chess piece.', "I've posted this comment in a reply somewhere. It's about your assumption on the status of women. I'll repost it here, so you can take a look at it: Partially. It's very difficult to generalize the position of genders throughout history. So you could say that his assumption is too generic and simplified to be correct. It's indeed true that women were on occassion demonized and were usually considered to be inferior to men, but that doesn't mean that every women was disrespected. They were respected, often even revered, in their role as mothers and wives. What's even more, they could be considered to be equal to men in nearly every aspect. In the early to late middle ages, women were thought to be'undeveloped men'. Because they had no penis, it was often assumed that women were men whose penis had not grown outwards. This basically meant that gender wasn't defined by the sex of a person (like it is now). A women could be considered equal to men if she had proven herself equally capable in important matters, I think it was called the unisex model. Man and women were basically the same sex in this model, one was just more developped. So more often than not, gender was the defining feature not the biological sex. There are even many examples of women pretending to be men and being accepted because of it. So queens or a high-born ladies were considered to be equally capable of ruling. If they ruled wise, they proved themselves to be more like a man than a woman. In the later centuries of the Middle Ages in many Western regions widows were also allowed to take over the shop (the craft) of their husband. This differed from guild to guild, but if they were allowed to do this, they were nearly always treated as equals. In some cultures, important women were even allowed to marry other women. They would do everything an important man could and would do. In order to continue their line, they would be able to order a man to have sex with their wife. So in short, his assumption isn't all that rock solid.,I always thought of it as being symbolic rather than literal Queen piece does not mean the queen itself but the forces you would get from your in-laws. In same way bishop piece does not literally mean bishop, but the levy force from church vassals. Knights would be knights, rook would be someone with a strong hold (duke?) and pawn would be conscript soldiers. PS: This argument has absolutely no supporting evidence, but it sort of makes sense to me.','the "queen" in India is referred to as "Mantri" which translates to "Minister." So it mostly is a minister advising the king on the battle field.','The rules have changed around quite a bit since the invention of chess. Initially the queen had the same moves as the king, relatively weak until late in the game. The "mad queen variant" (a tweak of the rules) is has a lot more offensive force on the board, and people seemed to like it. Other additions to the "official" rules include castling and en passant, which have more subtle effects on the game. URL5','I was reading his serious comment about the "westernizing" of chess. I thought, how insightful, I never knew that. Then I saw "Like Jafar from Aladdin" and I spit my water all over my screen with laughter. While its an accurate comparison, it sort of caught me off guard which adds to the hilarity.','maybe you're idea of "women's status" in the middle ages is a little warped? (yes, putting a question mark on a statement was totally appropriate there) ','Queen Isabella of Spain had the queen piece upgraded in 1489, it originally moved only one square like the king','Is she the strongest piece? She does all the work for the king.