English cops don't have to worry nearly as much about getting shot during a routine traffic stop. That, and the murder rate in the US is somewhere around twenty-five times higher in the US than in England. Gets a little less skewed if you count Scotland and Ireland, but still..., British cops are nice and friendly. And polite, too - don't forget polite. They even continue addressing someone as "sirmissmadam" when that person is getting shirty or aggressive. Is it perhaps to prevent things escalating into violence? Any British coppers here who can expand on this?', "Guns. UK police can't rely on the immediate threat of death so learn to use other methods of policing. That and we were brought up to respect the police as friendly helpful people who were there to protect us whereas US tv shows have always shown the police to be gun-toting wildcards - come on even Cagney and Lacey had guns!,As a sidenote, I love Australian cops. Not the female ones though, but the male ones tend to be very relaxed and friendly, whilst still being professional. Also, fun fact: Australian police carry guns.','This is wild speculation, but I'd say that part of it stems from the origins of the organisations. When british police were first established (arguably the first police in the world), they were tasked with "keeping the peace." They were already in a developed, civilised country, and the crimes they were dealing with where the kind of crimes we have now, fairly small-scale lawbreaking. They integrated into an established legal and judicial system. American police evolved from the sheriffs of the early frontier days, who did not have an established civilisation to keep the peace of, and instead had to try to fight for some kind of justice in what was often a pretty lawless free-for-all. Their job was not to catch pickpockets as much as it was to shoot bandits. I think some of that "let's shoot some bandits" attitude is left in US police forces, while british ones are still doing what they always did - keep an eye on a civilised nation and keep things peaceful.','Training and Selection. US Cops don't have a good screening process as to who is accepted into the force. I have 2 friends that went into the police force here, and both of them didn't make it in anything else they tried. One guy failed out of business school, another didn't want to "learn" so he went to the military, then got to be a cop. Both guys wereare idiots for the most part of their life. The force doesn't seem to pride itself on having quality people anymore, which is exemplified by whenever some cop goes rouge. Instead of shaming and banning him from their group, they circle around him and protect their little clique.', "I would say it's a cyclical thing. Some cops are assholes, people see cops as assholes, they don't co-operate, cops act more asshole-ish etc.