Age is purely physics and race is completely arbitrary. There are a few genes different but the differences between male and female are a lot bigger. There is plenty of scientific confirmation that GID exists and is a real phenomenon, not just a mental one. Obviously it can lead to mental stress but there are lots of potential causes behind it. Hormone imbalance in your mother's womb, insensitivity to hormones, over sensitivity to hormones, XY chromosome syndromes. We say that males are XY and females are XX but a really tiny minority of people have actually been tested to confirm that. You can look in Wikipedia - there are plenty of articles about different XY chromosome syndromes which aren't obvious but leave it unclear what sex someone is. What if you Had XXY? Would you be a woman with an erroneous Y chromosome or a man with a second X chromosome?," "There are people that also feel they should be disabled in one way or an other. The woman that wanted to be blind comes to mind. URL0 The reasons they give sound very similar to transgenderism to me. Now do you call someone who blinds themselves mentally ill and someone who is transgender not? I don't know but the blind woman seem very happy with her life now and that things are the way they were meant to be for her. Sorry I did not have an explanation for you and may have caused more confusion but I too think it is a fascinating question.,I think it varies on a case-by-case basis. Some people are born with one gender's sexual organs but produce a lot of the other set of sex hormones, so there is a biological explanation for feeling "off." In other cases, it probably is just caused by brain abnormalities or feeling like their life isn't going so great and deciding that switching genders will somehow fix all of their problems.','I'm genuinely curious about the "different brain" theory. Does anyone have any links to scientific literature about what exactly is different about the brains of transgender people?', This type of question gets posted all the time.] (URL1) And every time it's filled with a bunch of shit answers.,Gender, as a whole, is made up of many complex elements including differences in the brain (eg hypothalamus size), hormones and chemicals, chromosomal abnormalities, and social upbringing. All of these factors together create gender, and if one or more of these doesn't align with the others, that can cause dysphoria. This is my own definition and how I've always thought of transgenderism. To me, it makes a lot of sense that these factors are delicate and the human body and mind are super tempermental, so it's not a stretch to think that people could experience dysphoria. That doesn't make them crazy, because they could literally have a chemical or brain imbalance that causes this. Conversely, I think of "trans-racial" as being impossible because there aren't similar factors. There's no way a white person would be born with a "black" brain, or chromosomes. To me, when people want to be another race, it generally is because they feel that they fit into the stereotype of that race. But just because you like rap and talk in AAVE doesn't make you black, in fact many black people don't do those things! You can't base your identity on stereotypes. Conversely, a black person trying to be white (I mean literally- not "oh they dress well they want to be white which is racist) is probably doing so as the result of conditioning by society which shows them that white people are far more successful and respectable. tl;dr Being transgender is actually chemically possible, not just a mental state. Being trans-racial is not physiologically possible and is based in stereotypes.','Seems like people are arguing over word definitions because they have different ideas of the terms. Im no historian but I believe the word "gender" used to refer to the "sex" (what reproductive organ you were born with) of the individual. Now the word "gender" has turned into the role you play in society. Why? Because people caused it to become that way. IMO the people who care about being called something they don't agree with. And this could be something that is true yet they personally have a problem with it. For example, if a women (person born with a vagina) wants to prove her masculinity, prove that she is just as good or better than any man, then she would take offense to being called a women because in her mind she when hears woman, she thinks of something opposite of her. Like Pink dresses, stay at home moms, make up, etc.','Mostly because we have a wealth of brain scans from transgender individuals backing up that there is more to it than just dysphoria.', "Please everybody, post sources. In this kind of subject I'll not believe in you without a paper or research," "A belief that you are a certain gender despite physical form is treatable with reassignment surgery. A belief that you're a motherfucking dragon in Human form might be indicative of deeper issues., The APA's official stance on Gender Disphoria is that as long as it does not cause the suffere any psychological stress or anxiety, it is completely normal and acceptable. Really? I think, rather, that APA states it needs to cause psychological stress or anxiety to be diagnosed as a disorder. APA does not use words like "normal" and "acceptable" when describing a diagnosis. Those are different things than not having a diagnosable disorder. Disorders don't make it into the DSM unless they are relatively common. Delusions as to age (as confirmable as biological sex) and race (a social construct) would probably fall under Delusional Disorder or a similar diagnosis, like someone who thinks they are Napoleon (and those people truly believe that their delusion is realthey don't believe the factual circumstances). People with gender dysphoria are aware of their factual biological sex, but feel it doesn't fit them properly in a way that causes them stress or anxiety.','Gender is a somewhat-made-up social construct. Obviously, there are clear characteristics of different sexes, and though that's a little less black-and-white than people think, it is a real thing. The idea of gender, though, a set of personality traits and social roles, is socially constructed. Think of it this way: race is inherited from your parents, but gender is not. (What we call race is actually just a particular set of physical characteristics, but I digress). A black baby is born black, because their parents are black, and they genetically inherit a bunch of physical traits from their parents. The sex, however, is not genetic, but hormonalchromosomal, and doesn't come from the parents. And the gender, boy or girl, is assigned by a doctor after a glance at the genitals. That's why you can't "identify" as another race (or age, I guess), but gender is another story.','While I may not be the authority on this, I simply believe that the wiring in the brain did not develop to match the body, according to a video on YouTube that says we are all born female URL2 so it is possible that not all the chromosomes did their jobs leading to anomalies in final "build.,'Seems like when someone is "transracial" they see something in the culture they indenting with which makes sense as to why there's no real evidence about being "transracial" even really plausible. I gets like one is embedded in culture and the other has more backup with physiological and psychological standing? Not sure if that made sense.', "It isn't. Delusion is delusion, mental illness is mental illness. The only real difference is how it is perceived in society, which is based on the politicalsocial climate that we live in. Science and mental healthcare have been put on the backburner for social justice.," "It basically comes to this: for many people sex and gender are not the same thing. while being black or white is a physical matter many would say that gender isn't.