That is called bootstrap problem. How can you program something when no software exists that lets you program things. And how can a computer read what to do, if it doesn't know how to read. The answer is that you have to write a really simple program yourself, onto the hardware. It never changes for a computer, and is used every time you turn it on. That tiny program doesn't do anything except tell every part of the computer what it is and where it can get the stuff it needs. This includes really basic stuff, like storage adresses and and how to read them. From then on, the hardware can look up how to use the screen, how to read the keyboard, all those things. It's of course a bit more complicated than that, but once you have that first spark going, you can build up on that and program away.,We did use keyboards. They just weren't connected to the computer. You typed in your command on what was basically a typewriter which then"punched" the information onto cards. These were known as Hollerith Punch Cards - the machine looked like this: URL0 You then took the stack of cards very carefully to the computer hopper and fed them in. They had to stay in the same order they were punched for your program to work.', "Originally, computers were little more than some cathodes connected by cables. Programming them was done by changing the connections. A little later, computers had readers that took in cards with holes in certain distances, serving as binary input. I imagine.the first keyboard simply used that reader's interface,Well, for a pretty user-friendly way, there's the original [Altair 8800] (URL1). Note the switches on the front; when entering a program, you would set them to a position representing a number representing an operation of the computer, then press a button to store it in the memory and proceed to the next position. When you were done you'd press some other button to start the program you just "typed." Of course, all would be lost when you turned off the power.', "Via use of physical digital circuitry. I kid you not. As a project for an introductory course to digitial systems we had to make a ping pong game explicitly from digital circuits using specific IC's (and the basic NOTXORORAND gate IC's only). There was no code whatsoever in this system. Once you manage that, everything else is easy.,Punched cards preceded computers by [decades] (URL2). They could be used with sorters and counters to answer fairly sophisticated questions, as long as the data fit on the card. When business computers become useful they had the cards and the keyboards used to fill them out ready and waiting.