It comes from the German Pagan Goddess [Eostre] (URL0) (we get the name Easter from her). She was associated with Eggs and Hares. She had a feast roughly around the same time as when we celebrate Easter. Later as the German's were Christianized, they kept the imagery, but associated it with the resurrection of Jesus. This later spread to the US and elsewhere.," "Most of western civilizations major holidays are actually based on pagan rituals. When the church came along and tried to convert these pagans to christianity it met resistance. One of the ways the church sought to prevent the celebration of the pagan rituals was to move church holidays to correspond to the pagan ones. The idea being that you can hardly pretend to be a christian if you are ditching a church function like Easter or All Saints Day in order to participate in a pagan gathering. In other words, how do you stop people from going to a rivals party? You throw an even bigger party on the same night and make attendance mandatory. However this did not have the effect the church had anticipated. Instead of squashing the pagan rituals, the church found it's own holidays and rituals had pagan aspects incorporated by the common people. So people incorporated spring fertility rituals into the christian good friday and christs ressurection resulting in eggs and rabbits, two signs of fertility. All saints day incorporated samhain where people sought to scare away evil spirits by dressing in scary costumes, and we get halloween. And the winter solstice festivals merged with the nativity and christmas celebration and we got evergreen trees, yule logs, and mistletoe.,Going along with the idea of Christianity incorporating many pagan traditions into its celebrations, I think all the non-Jesus imagery for Easter is about fertility and "rebirth" because Spring. So rabbits have been known to be fantastic breeders for centuries, eggs represent new life, of course, and spring flowers speak for themselves. I was pondering what other symbols of fertility could also be used to signify Easter, and thought we ought to start showing Birth Control Pills and Condoms on Easter cards they certainly represent fertility (and trying to prevent it)! lol