A significant part of male pattern baldness (the type of baldness I assume your are talking about) is due to genetics and the hormone dihydrotestosterone. baldness is caused due to the sensitivity of the hair follicle to that hormone. topical treatments can reduce the effect of the hormone on a patch of hair (Propecia and Avodart) but a "cure" would require major alterations to either the production of the hormone or to the sensitivity of the follicle. either one of these would be likely to produce significant (possibly dangerous) side effects in the patient. so far no permanent treatment has made it through enough clinical trials to be considered effective and safe.', "24 here, almost 25y old. Using minoxodil for two years now. We lose our hair mainly in the center part of the head'cause the follicles in that area are susceptible to the hormone dihydrotestosterone. The follicles on the sides are much less susceptible, and we don't really understand why yet. This hormone is a result of the processes that the much more known Testosterone endures in the body. To fight the presence of the dihydro variant, you have to fight Testosterone itself. Finasteride does exactly this. If you use it you're very likely to even get hair back. My granddad was using this at 70 to help his prostate and was growing hair back. The problem with Finasteride is that it will give you hair but you are also pretty likely to lose libido, to get erectile disfunction and there seems to be cases of sterility. That's why I never accepted it. The alternative is Minoxidil, which will make the process slower by giving the follicles where you apply it more breathing room before the Dihydrotestosterone kills them. This is what I'm using, till it gets to that point where shaving just looks better and then that's the way to go. When you're bald you can consider autotransplant: they'll get your sane follicles from back and sided and put it on the center part. Elon Musk has had a transplant, if you're interested on how much successful it can be. He's a much more handsome man now,Depending on you what you qualify as a solution, one might say there is currently a solution to baldness. The solution, however, is surgical. The hair on the top of your head is different than the hair on the crownsides of your head. The hair on the top of your head is susceptible to [DHT or Dihydrotestosterone] (URL4). The hair on your head is in a constant state of shedding and regrowth. DHT strangles the follicle which makes the regrowth hair come back smaller and less healthy that the hair it replace. Eventually the follicle gets so strangled that the hair that replaces the original is microscopic and seemingly gone. This is when baldness occurs. [Medical Hair Restoration, or hair transplantation] (URL0) is an effective solution to baldness if the end goal is to not look like a bald person. What it involves is moving a specific number of hairs from the sides of your head to the top of your head. It doesn't cure the underlying "problem" but it masks the results of that problem to a degree. The issues with this treatment is that if you get it prematurely (before you're actually bald), you will have to go multiple times as the non-surgically-replaced hair falls out. Some doctors only recommend 3 maximum hair replacement surgeries, so they often recommend waiting until you're significantly bald or start a regime of drugs after your first surgery. Often people will fix problem spots with the surgery, then start takingusing medications like [finasteride] (URL3) and [minoxidil] (URL1). The surgery effectively "fixed" the thinningbald areas and the drugs prevent future hair from falling out. The problem with the above mentioned technique is that often, the drugs can have [serious side effects] (URL2). In the end, however, you can be successful in "curing" the effects of baldness. Unfortunately there's no simple, non-invasive or potentially chemically dangerous solution.','Just a reminder here: although this is more visible (in most cases) in males, females also suffer from androgenetic alopecia. It can be incredibly devastating emotionally and cause severe depression. So the "shave it, get used to it" line is not always an option. Propecia (Finasteride) is strictly banned for women who are in a reproductive age, as it can cause feminization of male fetuses.', "The cure of baldness will always be 10 years away. But in all seriousness, they are working on cures. It just takes a lot of money and even more time to get through all the clinical stages. I'd estimate that within the next 10 years, we'll have something new and revolutionary working. Something that REALLY works. The baldinghairloss community is the most cynical you'll find. There's so much BS snake-oil out there, and so many otherwise expensive methods with ok effects. Hopefully I'll still have a decent head of hair 5-10 years from now.,There are [expensive] solutions. Hair transplants have come a long way. Certain countries like Turkey do the procedure for a more affordable price.','Changing eye color is removing the pigment with a laser. "Curing" male pattern baldness would require changing male genetic code in a way that it didn't interfere with normal male physiology. That's still very far away. So that leaves hair transplants, minoxidil and finasteride as the only viable options. None of them are a cure, but can slow down the process.', "There are solutions, but they are: A: Expensive B: Not permanent C: Cause other, possibly unwanted, changes to your body. A is obvious. Its a cosmetic situation. Implants and medicine that take care of cosmetic issues are expensive because they are luxuries. B is due to the cause of baldness being primarily a hormone issue. If you don't solve the hormone problem implants will fall back out in time. C is related to B. If you take testosterone blockers to keep and possibly regrow your hair, your libido will die. You may lose the ability to get erect and will likely be infertile and possibly grow breasts. C works for me. I take a higher dose of the main blocker, finasteride, which actually makes it cheaper than the lower dose that is only meant for cosmetic reasons. I am seeing regrowth, which makes me super happy. Edit: A letter.,They are working on it. I have alopecia universalis so im awaiting more jak inhibitor trials. Its just considered risky right now there are alot of potential side affects. Its defiantly as close to a cure I have seen. I know people in the trials who have regrowth for the first time so its pretty cool.','Before I explain anything to address the question, I'd like to point out that these types of questions are really hard to answer. "How does X work?" or "How did we cure X?" is easy to simplify and present in a manageable format because we already have the entirety of the story, so we know what is important and what isn't. "Why isn't there a X?" or "Why don't we understand X?" is really hard to answer because we don't actually know what we don't know. There's no way to predict what is important for the solution to a complex problem and what is just a red herring until after you've solved the problem. Anyway... There are actually plenty of solutions to baldness. But the problem is that they aren't viewed as acceptable (whether medically or socially). Toupees are a "solution" to baldness, but people think they look goofy. Women wear wigs all the time, and they can be difficult to distinguish from natural hair, and the same can be said of high-end toupees. But the toupee has become a meme representing socially inept or unacceptable schlubs. Hair transplantation is another option that quite literally eliminates the defining factor of baldness: the lack of hair in an area. People still question its ability to make "normal-looking" hairlines, but that is mostly informed by past techniques and not more advanced current approaches. So you're not really asking for a solution to baldness so much as an easily accessible, socially and medically acceptable solution to baldness with no or minimal side effects. And adding those caveats to "solution" makes it a great deal more complicated. If you're talking about pharmaceutically treating hair loss, that's a slightly different issue. Firstly, male pattern baldness (or "androgenic baldness" because it can affect women too) is genetic, and it is very difficult, if not impossible, to "treat" genetic disorders. You can't really change the genes in a person (barring some exceedingly technical andor experimental approaches). Your best hope is to eliminate the symptoms, which can be done with some of the approaches I've mentioned above. Secondly, baldness is related to hormonal signaling. Playing with hormones is difficult and can have some pretty severe side effects, most of which aren't acceptable when your goal is cosmetic.', "Permanent solutions based on current understanding of the problem (which is incomplete) require either 1. Modification of the area where the chemical (DHT) which causes the damage attaches. 2. Modification of the chemical which causes the damage 3. Destruction of the processenzyme (5 Alpha Reductase) which causes the creation of the chemical. 4. Modification of specific hair follicles. All of these things are either genetic modifications which are expensive and going to be focused on other genetic diseases or issues in which we're not sure on how to manage without large-scale side effects. Much of the issue is that we just don't know enough about it, and that's because it's really a first-world problem and not a lot of funding gets to it.,I see a lot of comments here talking about testosterone and male baldness. I know reddit is also a male dominant group, but what about woman with receding hairlines? Is it a different cause and are there easier solutions or cures?', "Minoxidil worked for me till now. I started loosing hair and having itchy head mostly in the center of the head at the age of 24. I went to a good dermatologists and told my that this is the only medically proven HELP for hair loss. I am 28 now and I still got the 90 of the hair I had 4 years ago. If didn't use a product with minoxidil I might have lost more than 70. Start early and don't skip your doses. The product had 5 content of minoxidil.," "They DO! Its called JAK inhibitors.... but its still a few years away from being on the market and I'm not exactly sure its safe. But it works!... they think. URL5 URL6,There are solutions. They just don't work for everyone and the side effects are often too much for people to cope with. Personally, Minoxidil and Finasteride worked wonders. Got my hair back despite a severe bald spot. The problem is that baldness depends as much on hormones as it does body physiology. Its also hereditary. We know dihydrotestosterone is the culprit in hair loss but the only way to stop is affects the whole body in several ways. It's hard to target and make medicine that's like: "Don't affect the scalp." Hormones affects the entire body in a myriad of ways. Picking and choosing it's effects takes a lot of time and research.', "I'd like to know the opposite. Why do we still have no quick, easy, pain-free, permanent solution to hair removal?,Can they do anything with hormones using CRISPR?', "Let's not forget that progress usually requires funding, and not that a nice chunk of the world wouldn't pay for it, but since we rarely hear about progress in MPB I'd assume the big brains of the world mostly like to tackle other technology advancements like how to save mankind from itself.,Platelet Rich Plasma injections seem to be a step in the right direction regarding hairloss. We have finasteride which prevents the conversion of testosterone to DHT which is thought to be responsible for hair follicle miniaturization. There is potential for side effects that deter most people however. Minoxidil seems to help with blood flow to the follicles.', "Do products like Rogaine not work then? I see that it's a vasodilator which is not something I see mentioned in these comments.," "as a trans woman spironolactone reversed my male pattern baldness so..? it stops dht production but straight cis men freak out when I tell them about this solution like omg I'll grow titties! um no I just take a fat ass dose to transition you don't need that