Typically, what happens is the breakdown of fats and proteins in the skin. Many parts of the body have carbonyl groups, which in the context of skin means a carbon double bonded to an oxygen, single bonded to a carbon, and single bonded to one other thing. That other thing might be a nitrogen with other stuff attached in the caste of protein, or an oxygen with other stuff in the case of fats. When a strong acid or base gets on skin, it attacks the carbonyl, and replaces the "other thing" with either the base, or water in the case of acid. So by sort of "kicking out" an essential part of the chemicals that make up skin, acids and bases break down tissue and cause burns. With acids, this is somewhat reversible, but with bases it's essentially irreversible, which is why bases cause much worse burns', "I'm still studying chemistry, so this may not be as comprehensive an answer as you could get, but what makes an acid an acid is that it's really good at reacting. Specifically, acids will get rid of hydrogens, also referred to as protons, which are positively charged. The stronger the acid, the more likely this is to happen. (What makes an acid strong is the other atoms it's comprised of; depending, some molecules will handle the resulting negative charge better than others, some molecules due to size will hold onto protons more strongly than others, etc.) Strong bases are also corrosive but they are looking to gain a proton, not donate one. Because we are comprised of organic molecules (molecules containing primarily carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen often as well as nitrogen, sulfur, and phosphorus), we are particularly susceptible to reacting with acids or bases because of that hydrogen transfer - and we've got plenty of hydrogens to give or plenty of places where hydrogen wouldn't mind being. Acidbase reactions can be dangerous for many reasons, but of importance here is that they're exothermic, meaning they release energy, i.e., heat. I don't have the background in biology to explain specific reactions with specific molecules, but that's generally what's happening - we're reacting, causing exothermic reactions that burn. It also dehydrates, since they'll do acidbase reactions with water. Not to mention what the substance must be doing to our molecules, but that would depend on the molecule and the irritant in question. Generally it's a safe bet that whatever the product of a reaction, it's not what's supposed to be there and as a result, can and will disrupt natural biological processes.