The crash was caused by the popping of the sub-prime housing bubble, which caused a number of large banks to nearly fail which destabilized the rest of the market. Driven by government programs and some questionable business decisions, banks had spent most of the 2000's loaning money to anyone who wanted to buy a home. These "sub-prime" loans (meaning they were more risky than the "prime" loans) were fine so long as the value of homes kept going up. So long as housing prices kept rising the house would be worth more than the loan for it, and therefor could be borrowed against to pay off the mortgage. Too further mitigate the risk (and make some money) the banks began to package up blocks of these mortgages and sell them to investors as "mortgage backed securities." This is a common practice for the industry and wasn't at all unusual. What was weird though, was that the really bad loans (the sub-prime ones) were being sold as if they were A material (and therefor unlikelynever going to go bad). This should not have been the case, as the very nature of these loans meant that a small dip in housing prices would cause them to go bad. In 20072008 the housing bubble popped, and prices dropped. People who should never have been given a loan for their house were suddenly unable to pay and defaulted. This in turn screwed the banks who had been expecting this money to come in and the investors who were left holding valueless assets. This, in turn, destabilized the rest of the market leading to a nasty crash and a recession that we are still feeling.', "In basic, property is generally considered a sound investment since it's a necessity that's always in demand at some level (people need places to live), and property prices typically seem to steadily rise over time. Now some people normally rent property, but the problem with rent is that the money you pay is spent and gone forever. However if you take out a mortgage on a property you own a house and have a debt equal to its value at the time of purchase, theoretically whatever you pay off on the mortgage you'll get back if you sell off the house, and assuming house prices keep rising you'll make an inflation and interest beating profit. After a long period of steadily rising property prices people become increasingly confident that it will remain this way, this is a good housing market. In this climate people feel more and more the urge to buy houses rather than rent because they don't like seeing the money they pay in rent going into a blackhole when a mortgage would be a perceived sound investment. Also provided the banks are confident that house prices will continue to rise, it pays them to create as many mortgages as they can, since they know even if the debtor defaults they'll repossess the property which should have an increased value above that of the original loan. However this why people talk of a bubble, because as the housing market is increasingly perceived as good, the demand for houses goes up so their value does as well. More buyers offering more money, money which they mostly get through readily available loans, loans which are approved because houses prices are going up. So this creates a catch 22 situation where people start to believe properties are worth more and more, that not buying property in this market would be foolish because of how much homeowners' property value is increasing, and the banks see the values of the properties skyrocket and approve loans on this basis. However the fun has to end somewhere and things start to cap out at some point and whoever is funding the loans starts to get edgy about their investments and starts restricting the availability of capital for mortgages, this reduces the number of potential buyers, reducing the demand and slowing the increase in property's perceived value. This creates a domino effect where people panic, many people realise that they're not making a killer profit on their mortgage anymore since they have to factor for both inflation and interest, and what seemed like a sound investment last year doesn't look so hot anymore. Some people decide to sell the property around this time, but this increases supply whilst demand is dropping, so house prices stop increasing or even decrease. All the confidence in the market is lost, people are lumped with expensive mortgages for properties that they can't be sure will be worth more in the future. Now you get a reverse catch 22 situation where everyone is selling or defaulting on their loans, house prices are dropping, the banks aren't lending to anyone so demand drops further and there is a black hole in the economy where all the perceived value from property investment has disappeared. The ramifications of this type of failed speculation creates a multi-billion dollar gap in the economy and you have a global recession where governments and banks can no longer afford to pay their debts and every government is implementing austerity, leading to reduced quality of life, and banks are needing their debts nationalised to stay afloat at all. And that's a how a housing market crash happens.,Short answer: people and business borrowed to much and couldnt pay it back. Wall street essentially sold the right to the future interest (well call them bets) and when everyone lost there home wall street also lost out on the "bets.