All a microwave does is heat the water molecules. The grill cooks with heat as well but adds flavor via smoke from the burning fat of the meat. The heat of the grill also breaks down the fat within the meat more than a microwave and fat flavor Source: I'm a chef,Put simply, there's other stuff happening on the grill. Microwaves heat up water molecules (and, actually, any molecule with a dipole like oils or sugars). They're very good at taking something cold and making it hot. That's why, if you make a meal and reheat the leftovers, they taste the same if using a microwave but different if you re-grilledfriedbaked them (likely dry and burned). Most other methods of cooking allow other stuff to happen that microwaves do not. Grilling, frying, sauteing and bakingroasting reach far higher temperatures than microwaves. This allows two things to happen - first, it drives out water from the surface allowing a crust to form. Texture makes a surprising contribution to our perception of how good something tastes, and these techniques introduce an extra textural element. Secondly, it allows extra chemical reactions to happen. These chemical reactions make the new, delicious tasting compounds that make roast meats taste "meaty," bread crusts brown and caramelised onions caramelised. There's also a bit of charring going on, which any lovers of grilled foods will appreciate as important in moderation. If you microwave as opposed to grilling, you'll end up losing all these compounds and, hence, a lot of the flavor profile. For gentle techniques like boiling and steaming, there's an important difference too, even though microwaves can reach comparable temperatures! Boiling and steaming heat from the outside in (the part in touch with the heat source). This is how you get al dente pasta or asparagus that's still delicious and firm in the middle. Whilst microwaves do not "cook from the inside out," they can penetrate far further into most food items. This means that you get much more even heating from a microwave - good for reheating (you don't want your leftovers to get mushy on the outside before they're hot) but bad if you want to a gradient of "done-ness." It comes down to texture again, and I suspect is why microwaved eggs are always such a disappointment. So, in summary, microwaves don't achieve high enough temperatures for the deliciousness to develop. They're designed to reheat evenly, and are very good at it, but that's not good for cooking most things.