If I'm reading this correctly, you're asking why it's at the end, rather than the beginning. The reason is probably so that people who do want to read the whole story don't have the end spoiled by the first two lines.," "tl;dr: I'm not an asshole. When I have a long wall of text, which is apparent without having even fully read the post as it's just giantic huge enormous wall of text, and I want to summarize it, I don't waste everybody's time. Some people may be fully appreciative of what it is that I have to say. Others, however, may be enjoying a nice long shitting session, when they are suddenly interrupted by the incessant banging on the stall door of someone who had a bad batch of Chipotle not that there's anything wrong with Chipotle and who is now needing to use the facilities which you are currently sitting on, while reading a huge long post on Reddit. Because you, as a post writer, are not an asshole, before you post your wall of text for the next unsuspecting reddit shitter to read, you decide to summarize it. This is when the decision to not be an asshole manifests. Do you put the tl;dr at the bottom, because you forgot that every modern browser supports non-linear text editing and forget to highlight the tl;dr, or are you a good kind person, destined for greatness in all of your pursuits, and put the tl;dr at the top and bold the tl;dr? This is a decision for you to make; I've already made mine.,Because when you start a post, you might not realize it will be a long post. By the time you have written the long post, you realize it would be useful to have a summary. Since you have already written the post and are at the bottom of the post, you just put it at the bottom because you are too lazy to scroll to the top. TL;DR: People are too lazy to scroll to the top after they have written a wall of text.','So that after scrolling past the whole story, you can then deduce if your time is actually worth reading the entire thing or not. And if you put the tl;dr at the top, it might be a spoiler.','If you mean "What is the tl:dr" it means "Too Long Didn't Read." Basically meaning if you couldn't be bothered reading all of that, here is a summary for you. tl:dr - Too Long Didn't Read','In the military, we use BLUF (Bottom Line Up Front) and put it at the top of whatever the medium is (typically email).