This is a complicated topic, but I'll try, and feel free to ask for more detail on any part... The "PGA Tour" is an organization that basically coordinates the running of all the individual 4-day tournaments that make up professional golf in the US. The PGA Tour has split tournaments into a few categories; the important ones are the Majors (the highest profile tournaments with the best golfers participating), and the Regular tournaments, which fill in the rest of the weeks between Majors. Each tournament has a sponsor, and field of players is determined by a combination of the PGA and the sponsor. The PGA issues "Tour Cards" to qualifying golfers - golfers who have passed a qualification test (Q-School), golfers who have won tournaments in the previous 1-5 years, or golfers with sufficient lifetime tournament wins. Any holder of a currently valid Tour Card can enter any regular tournament; the Majors often have stricter criteria. The remainder of the field is filled in with golfers selected by the sponsor. The PGA, for a very long time, did not have a very easy to understand method of telling the public who was the best golfer so far that year. You can't compare the score on one course to the score on a different course, so you can't just sum up or average a golfer's round scores - a 72 at one course is awesome, but at an easier course, 72 might be considered a horrible score. So they came up with the FedEx cup. The FedEx cup is a points-based system. The PGA decides a total number of points available for each tournament, which can vary from tournament to tournament. Golfers are awarded points based on their finish position in the tournament. Towards the end of the year, the points leaders are invited into a series of playoff events, finishing with the "Tour Championship" tournament. The winner of that tournament gets the FedEx cup for the next year. Prior to the FedEx cup, the PGA had zillions of different standings listings - and nobody could decide which was more important.... there was the "money leader" list, which tracked the amount of money a golfer won in a year (until 2013 this was a qualifier for getting a Tour Card; in 2013, it converts to FedEx cup points). They have lists of how many tournaments a golfer has won, how many majors they have won, and all kinds of other lists. The FedEx cup was a response to all these lists, giving fans an easy, points-based system to follow. The schedule starts in January in Hawaii, runs through the west coast through the winter, through the south and east in the spring and early summer, and heads to the north and midwest in the summer. The season ends in Late September with the Tour Championship. whew.... anything else?:)