Bacteria causes spoilage in food. During the canning process you heat the food which kills any bacteria present in it, and at the same time seal the food within it's container. So you've A - Killed the vast majority of present bacteria, and B - Locked the door to prevent further bacteria from getting. At that point, the only real remaining threat to the food is the eventual breakdown of the actual foodstuff itself.," "It doesn't. If you took a block of meat and stuck it in a can and sealed it, it would go bad. The trick is that once the can is sealed it is heated to a temperature which kills all the micro-organisms inside of it [ (pasteurization) ] (URL0) and since the can is sealed, none can get back in until it's opened. So it's really the sterilizing of the food once it's sealed that gives it the long shelf life. There used to be this idea that some things happened [spontaneously] (URL3). Like if you left meat outside, it would grow maggots all by itself. We didn't understand that maggots, and rotting occurred because of the action of insects and micro-organisms like bacteria and fungus. It wasn't until [one great gentleman experimented with meat] (URL2) that was kept behind a screen so that insects couldn't get to it that we could prove that maggots were caused by flies. Later [another great gentlemen] (URL4) discovered the same was true of bacteria, and that if you seal the food, and then heat it to kill off the bacteria, that it would not rot at all. This is also one of the reasons that canned foods are all kind of mushy and lack texture. It's because they are kind of boiled in the can. Frozen vegetables on the other hand are crisper because they haven't been cooked by pasteurization. It is also possible to sterilize food by [exposing it to ionizing radiation.] (URL1) Instead of using heat, they use radiation to kill all the bacteria. Metal makes a pretty good radiation shelter though so it would take too long and it's easier just to heat them. Some things which are sterilized with radiation would be bandaids, medical instruments like scalpel blades, aircraft parts, space craft, even some fresh fruit, which makes it stay fresh much longer even though eventually the bacteria and fungus do eat it away and spoil it.,There are 3 major food spoilers, in order: Bacteria, oxygen, sunlight. Canning (and proper storage) eliminates all of those so food products last much longer. Different foods have different possibilities (thus, meat jerky is common, jars of preserved meat is not so common), but canning covers just about everything.