A couple of years ago, the US Embassy in Benghazi, Libya was attacked and our diplomats were murdered. Immediately afterward, the information that was coming out was fragmented and inconsistent. When more information that came out afterwards didn't match up, there were investigations alleging that Hilary Clinton and the Obama administration had done some improper things. 10 republican congressional investigations occurred, with all 10 of them saying that there was no wrongdoing by Mrs. Clinton or the Obama administration. Benghazi is what is referred to as a Dog Whistle. It gets certain people riled up so that they'll go out and vote on other issues that are on the ballot that year that politicians do want to pass (same-sex marriage used to be the big dog whistle, but that's kind of dying down and accepted).,To roughly paraphrase and summarize. US Embassy: "Hey, Washington. Things are getting kind of funny here. Just a heads up. We may need some additional security soon." US Embassy: "Okay, we're hearing some pretty concerning grumblings Shit don't look good. Can you send us some help." Washington: "We've got units available right down the road.... but you're probably okay." US Embassy: "It's going down. Ya'll need to do something." Washington:...... News breaks out Washington: "Shit." News: "What happened?" Washington: (We can't say they asked for help and we didn't send any...... think of something..... Hey, there was that video that muslims didn't like that came out like the week before....) "There were spontaneous protests in response to a youtube video that the locals didn't like and it got out of control. Nothing we could do about it." (That should hold them off.) News: "Okay, we looked around and can't find any other instances of these "protests." It really looks like a coordinated terrorist attack on a US compound. The local leader is kind of taking credit for it....." Washington: "Nah, they were mad about the video. Trust us." News: "It really wasn't about the video." Washington: "What video? We never said anything about a video." News: "We have a copy of the internal talking points e-mail, number 2 of which reads To underscore that these protests are rooted in an internet video, and not a broader failure of policy. Secretary Clinton: "What difference, at this point, does it make?