A statement like "better" needs a rigorous and formal definition, but that's going to be hard to agree on. It is most likely out of reach of the hard sciences. However, you could set up a study whereby many users are directed to use a search engine to find things on the internet. For the sake of minimizing bias they should not know what the search engine isthe results from Google, Bing, and any other competitors you want to throw in there should all be displayed in the same format. From there you would have to set up metrics for successhow quickly were the users able to locate the information they were looking for, for example. You could also include a survey of how the users felt; in this sort of a blind study you can trust their answers more than a general survey, since the users presumably shouldn't know whether they were looking at Google results or Bing results. From a more objective standpoint you can look at things like how fast the search completes. If you carried out this sort of a study then you would likely see some sort of a trend arise (or perhaps no trend at allthe "null hypothesis" has to always be considered). It's doubtful that you would see one search engine standing as the clear victor across all areas and across all demographics. I'm not aware of anyone who's actually carried this sort of a study out, but it's probably been done before.','Yes, there is and I'll do my best to explain. An internet search is not just a bunch of words that appear in certain pages. The order of words in the search and the context that each word in the search provides for the others can provide a lot of subtle information about the intent of the search beyond the words themselves. Google's searching procedure employs more powerful models for attempting to pinpoint the actual intent of a user's search. These models are based on probability and very quantifiable and ultimately result in the deriving of more relevant results in a Google search for a tricky query than those you might get from Bing. Another important aspect of Google's search procedure is their choice to base the ordering of the results on the authority of the content in each result as opposed to simply looking for the words within the text on each page. "Authority" of a page, or how likely the content of the page is to actually be truthful and useful, is again approximated through probabilistic models and many of these models were in-fact invented at Google. Mathematically, Google has always been the leader in finding relevant results, which is really the most important thing when retrieving internet from such a large dataset as the web. EDIT: I didn't really address how one might prove that Google's results are better than Bing's. Like I was saying, search relevance is based on different methods of using probability to determine if a result matches what the user wanted to find. A comparison of the algorithms that Google uses vs. those that Bing uses could provide all the information you needed to know to determine if one will be better than the other. If you had the math training you could examine both and you would likely find that Google does more to find the relevant pages than does Bing.', "I think it would be a matter of preference based on the user. Some factors of this could include the users comfort with one company over another, the results (such as images, videos and information they tend to want), and the way the search engines work. I can't speak much for Bing, but I do know Google has a long listed registry of your search patterns and history. So, they try to adapt to what you tend to seek out. This is accrued through using Googles Gmail and the way certain ads may pop up on the side of your screen that include key-words. Key-words that are used many times will produce different results. I'm no programmer- but it's a guess.," "Not really, I guess you could time the results but that wouldn't really mean much. I mean you could do statistics on customer surveys but thats essentially just going with people generally agree. Maybe come up with a target search and create a list of search terms people might come up with trying to find it. Then try them and see which is more effective at finding the target using all the search terms. How fair of a test this would be I dunno and Im sure it would vary a lot.