Because it's the polite way to say "people afraid of changing the status quo or being socially progressive," and is a classic spruiking point designed to appeal to religious people (conservative Christians mainly). Traditional family values are typically espoused as being: - Anti-abortion (Pro-life). - Against gay marriage and adoption. - Anti-euthanasia. - Pro-gun. - Pro-abstinence no pre-marital sex. - Anti-contraception.','In a nutshell: liberal - change things to make them better conservative - keep things the same so they don't get worse "Family values" makes you take a nostalgic look at how you grew up...in the past. You link those blissful summer days chasing ice cream trucks and catching frogs to the way things use to be politically..."we didn't have gay rights back then, and things weren't so bad." It doesn't work so well when your party is advocating new ideas...strong unions is about the only liberal stance that might work with this formula.', "Family values go back even further than the 1900s. You can find quotes from ancient roman politicians that exalt the family. The reason why conservatives value it is because 1.They are trying to conserve a traditional idea, 2.Strong families are shown to be better financed, better educated, and less susceptible to crime than broken ones. and finally, since strong families are independent, they don't need the government to help them, so they tend to be conservative and vote that way.,It's just another way of saying "we dislike anyone different." Because really no one is trying to take away their traditional family values, They can still follow their family values if they so choose. What they do want is to stop anyone from having a different kind of family.',' From the 1900s to Thatcher to modern Republicans, "traditional family values" seems to be a staple agenda of the right-wing side. Why is this the case? The entire concept of conservativism is conserving what ideas, values, systems, policies, and institutions have existed in the past; that's why it's called conserv-atism, it's about conserving things. Tradition's obviously central to that. Why don't their opponents also make use of this seemingly appealing idea? The opposite of conservativism is progressivism, which is named for the idea of progressing from what existed in the past to new ideas, values, systems, policies and institutions, leaving old ones behind in a march of ongoing change. So emphasising tradition would be in conflict with this idea.', "Because, to the types of people who vote Republican, it sounds like a appealing idea. However, a lot of people don't think it's the government's job to push traditional values on people. For instance, the idea that marriage should be between a man and a woman is a traditional family value, that proponents of gay marriage would not agree with.