You can get 25,000 lbs of potatoes on a single acre of land. A human can survive on about 2-3 lbs per day. So you only need really about 125 an acre to sustain life. Humans can fully survive on just potatoes and some supplemental dairy. Of course.... This is just for basic survival. If you want a diverse well balanced diet then you obviously need more..... Especially if you want meat.', "A sweet potato has around 250 calories. That's 8 sweet potatoes daily for a 2000 calorie intake need. That's 240 potatoes a month and 2880 a year. One sweet potato plant can yield around 5 potatoes. And you need about a foot of space between each plant. So 576 plants would reach the 2000 calorie yearly need and you would need a 24 by 24-foot piece of land to grow all that on. Potatoes grow easily and you can likely get a few harvests before winter. You can supplement the calories by building a small chicken coop or you can get a cow if you have an acre for it to graze on. Depending on the cow, it could give you 200,000 calories worth of meat or much more. That's a third of a year's worth of energy right there. Though you'll probably want a few cows so you can breed them yourself.," "To feed one person? Not very. There's actually a setup that you can fully sustain a family of 4 for a whole year using a single acre of land.," "Just in case you may want to live like a real person and not eat potatoes 247 and have a cow in your front yard, let's be realistic. 5-10 acres would be plenty to be able to raise a nice crop of vegetables, and have room for pigs chickens and a few cows. Plus room for your house and barn for hay to feed cows, tractor. For what it's worth I have 17 cows.," "Try this website. URL0 But basically, Depends on what you want to eat. Depends on location. Depends on weather and growing season. Depends on your soil condition. As everyone has said. Potatoes are easy and will grow in pretty much everything. Are you doing this to live out in the middle of no where? Or is this more of a science project type of deal. Do you want to go high tech and grow via hydroponics? Some assumptions. 1 acre should be more than enough for you. You can grow the staples. Potatoes. Cabbages, Carrots. Celery. Root veggies are very good. If you don't have sustained warm temperatures year round, you can pretty skip fruit trees. If you want to build a green house. You can grow pretty much anything you want, including fruit trees, but it might need to be tall. Do you want animals? Rabbits pigs and goats are great. Chickens are great as well. For ease, rabbits and chickens are generally chosen. Rabbits will eat your veggie scraps and chickens will self forage if given sufficient land. Here's a tour of someone's 1 acre. URL1 More stuffs: Depending on how seriously and intensive you want to grow, you can get netting for birds, plastic wraps to keep the plants warm as a mini greenhouse on the ground. What size investment do you have to start this. Farm equipment like a small riding tractor, (think those lawn mowers sized ones) Or anyone near by you can borrow. Plowing by hand is rough. Corn, or to be more specific wild corn is good. Rice can be grown if you have access to water and warm temperatures. You can even put fish in the rice fields. The list goes on and on depending firstly on weather, then location and ground, and equipment and investment and lastly, how hands on you can be with your foods.,If you did aquaponics you can produce a pretty large amount of fish and vegetables on very low levels of space.','I don't know why I clicked this. I don't know why I started reading. I do "know that now I kinda wanna grow stuff.... reddit makes me weird...','Love my cows but they can be a lot of work at times. Baling hay and feeding in the winter. Fence fixing never ends.', "Build yourself a modern greenhouse and you'll only need a fraction of the land and a fraction of the resources. This very interesting acrticle had some good graphs and info on the different between farming in a field and farming in perfect conditions: URL2,It depends on where you are and what you eat. I feed myself from 15 acres year-round without much trouble in the PNW. Location matters a lot.','If you had greenhouses or high tunnels, started with 12 rabbits and 20 dual purpose chickens, you could feed a family of 4 all year in about 10,000sqft. Your greenhouses would take up 34 of that and you could keep the chickens and rabbits in the one growing root veggies. The others would grow your leafy greens.','Where are you? How fertile is your soil? Are you working the land full time?