I think some of it is fear of overqualification. If someone is overqualified for their position, it is possible they'll leave as soon as they get something "better," whereas the person hiring would rather have a less-skilled (and even low-motivation) employee who will stick with them for years and years and won't really complain about low pay.', "Possibly because a lot of college students feel that such jobs are beneath them and therefore don't apply.," "I don't know about other countries but in the U.K., minimum wage varies depending on your age. Age 25 - PS7.20 Ages 21-24 - PS6.70 Ages 18-20 - PS5.30 Age -18 - PS3.87 It used to just be 21 and up got full minimum wage but then they brought in living wage, giving it only to 25 year olds and up. I guess because anyone under 25 doesn't need it or some stupid shit like that. (I'm not bitter at all!) TL;DR: it costs twice as much money to hire someone in their mid 20s than it does a minor.," "Well I can speak from my personal experience a bit I'm a fresh off high school, worked in a factory my mom works at and now in a hotel. What I can say, is that those (and I assume similar jobs) require simply no skills whatsoever, and are as minimum wage as they can be. Employers most of the time just need to have a person there, without doing too much. I'm not sure why you didn't get the job, but might be because they saw your degree and thought that you might leave that place as soon as you find a job in your field, leaving them to search for someone again.," "Well I think it's that most employers don't want to hire overqualified people for jobs because they want the employee to stick around for a while to cut back on training costs and people with qualifications are probably going to be looking for jobs within their field instead of sticking around.,I worked in a walkabout bar in the UK. One thing that I instantly realised upon graduating and getting a job in my skill sector is that there are actual decent workplaces that don't treat you like shit. These type of jobs you are talking about expect you to grind out silly hours whilst being shown 0 respect and compassion. A lot of the time I was told even if I was ill that I 'had' to come into work because they were short staffed and that I should have just 'manned' up. One time I actually slipped on a wet floor (ignored the signs like a renegade) with 4 wine glasses in my hand whilst trying to chase some customers who walked away without them. I went to put my hands down first and smashed all the glasses into my hand. Ended having to get an ambulance to hospital due to the amount of blood I was losing. All my manager said at the time was "You're coming back after they stitch that up to clean down right?." Never once was I asked if I was ok or if any serious damage was sustained (Nothing really except for tearing one of my fingers nerve endings so couldn't feel pain at all in it for a few months. Which by the way is super fun!). I could honestly tell you a million and one horrible stories about this place and I'm sure anyone who has worked in a similar workplace could tell you the same. Oh and to answer your main question, the reason why they hire people like that? Because those people typically haven't experienced a real, proper work place with a real HR department so they know that they can make you do literally anything without questioning the legality of it. Quite frankly if for some absolutely bizzare reason I had to work there again, there is literally 0 chance that I'd be doing half the shit they previously got out of me, because half of it is fucking illegal anyway haha!', "i see this a lot too, and I have postulated that younger people look more polished, happy, excited, and confident in the interview process, and hiring managers want people they can tell what to do, rather than they themselves be shown what they don't know. i recall effortlessly getting well-paying positions in my early 20's that I had absolutely no business getting, with no education outside of high school. now, several years worth of college later, it is incredibly difficult to find any work at all, and when I speak to professionals in an expertise I know a lot about, it seems like they're winging it at best.,In my experience, it seems to be that the college degree makes you look overqualified for the position. The person reviewing the applications (assuming it's done by a human still) sees it and goes, "They have a degree in [Thing]? Wtf are they applying here for? Is there something very wrong here that keeps them out of their field of study?" And so they bypass you. Alternatively, the degree can also make you look like you'll be more expensive to hire. Degrees grant skills that are useful even down in retail and stuff like that and employers tend to assume that someone with a degree will want to be paid more than the average employee right from the get-go because of it. So they bypass you. I couldn't get a retail job fresh out of college for six months until I got hired at a pet store. Only reason I got it was because I could work full-time (unlike many of the current employees who were all in high school or going to college), I went to high school with their head cashier, and the head of the puppy department is a family friend who I've known since she was born.:', "1. College graduates frequently don't apply to jobs that aren't in their fields because they just spent a lot of time and money on specialized training, and feel that service jobs aren't what they went to school for. Also, service jobs don't really pay enough to repay student loans AND support yourself, so there's another reason for not even applying. 2. Service jobs don't want smart people who may try to change things or do stuff their own way because they think it's better than the way the company does things. They want people who shut up and do what they're told. 3. Coming back to point number 1, if a college grad is in a service job, it's most likely because they couldn't find a job in their field and got desperate. It's not unlikely that they are going to leave the second an opportunity for a job in their field pops up.," "The biggest thing is how long you expect them to be there. A person with a degree should always be looking for a proper job in their field because honestly they just worked really hard for their degree. This means an employer can easily assume that you are much more likely to find another job and quit. Teenagers on the other hand are quite unskilled and tend to have a lot of free time. You don't feel bad for giving them less hours. I know at my job we'd much rather hire 2-3 part time teenagers than a single full time employee because teenagers have more open time to cover each other and there is less expectation for a solid schedule.