You're basically asking if the universe is deterministic or nondeterministic, and the answers is that we don't really know. If anyone could answer that question, they'd win a Nobel prize.," "Coin tosses are not random - the result is unquestionably determined - by the height of the flip, rate of spin, etc. it is one of many events that people consider random because the result is unknown. Of course, you control that outcome even if you can't properly predict it, so it does become a question of determinism vs free will if you were to go back in time - would you flip it the same way? With only prior knowledge, I would say yes. All that makes you from your genetics to your knowledge would be identical in the moment of the flip. No new ideas in your mind, no new factors, nothing to give rise to a different approach to the flip. But if, like in many time travel stories, you were to return with current knowledge, you could ask yourself how you typically approach a coin flip and do it differently. Though this wouldn't guarantee a different result.," "As you have just invented a universe with a time machine in it, it is up to you to decide whether, in your universe, a random event will remain the same, or change. Here, in this universe, this possible paradox can't arise because time travel isn't possible.,This is a really fun question to ponder because most "unpredictable" or "random" events in the world can be predicted with complete accuracy if you understand and account for all the variables i.e coin weight, air temp and moisture, spin rate etc; the problem however, is that most of our everyday experiences are the result of insanely difficult to measure inputs. The same logic can be applied to just about everything with the exception of events occurring at a quantum scale because the very act of observing a subatomic event will intrinsically disrupt their outcomes. Otherwise, it's my belief that if you address and understand the factors that go into an event, you can essentially eliminate uncertainty and probability.', "This depends on how much is different when you go back. If you do everything the exact same way, the result will also be the same. A coin toss might be subject to the butterfly effect though, that a small difference in how you throw will result in a different state. Purely random chances do exist, but only on very microscopic levels and right now we don't know whether these events have enough of an effect to change something like this.