There are numerous theories on the origins and development of language, and has been debated since Plato. I believe that we do understand each other. Language is universal (excluding cultural differences where one group might not have a word for "hate," for example). Speech, on the other hand, differs from one person to another - and in between larger groups, the structure of speech begins to change. The greater the distance geographically, the more difference in structure of speech, and thus language. One language often has a parent language, otherwise it may have been invented. Wordsphrases from an invented language may even get absorbed by a natural language. Theories suggest that the first words were just utterances and grunts that expressed emotions. The structure, such as combination of tone and or pitch, of these utterances and grunts led to numerous expressions (I believe they developed exponentially fast). Speech shapes the way language evolves as it's exchanged by one group to another. Languages could be "pidgin" languages - for example, traders (think slave traders, too) from two separate tribes speak a different language, what they are able to acquire from one another is a pidgin language (secondary-language). After years and years of interaction, they swap words or phrases that represent different things, situations, actions, emotions, etc. Eventually the the parent languages become hybridized, and offspring from both tribes acquiredevelop a more sophisticated language (a "creole" language). There are many, many other factors that might change the development of a language, including slavery, war (one language dominates over another), assimilation, etc. That's my take on it based on a few theories. Hope it complements uDrMerkwurdigliebe's answer.','Lets say you have 100 people all speaking the same language. They live in the same village and all see each other on a regular basis, so any time a change is made to their language (e.g. a word is added to describe a new object, or a change is made in pronunciation) they all find out about it and everyone knows what all the words of the language mean. Let's say there's a big religious schism in the community, and the heretic preacher leads half the villagers to start a new life somewhere else, where they can practice their true faith without the interference of the more conservative villagers. They travel over a high mountain range and settle in the next valley over, but because their was a bad fight when the heretic villagers left, they decide not to contact their old village for 100 years. A lot of changes happen to the new village's language over the 100 years. They find a new type of tree in their valley that they've never seen before an give it a name; it's so common compared to all the other trees, that eventually their children and grandchildren forget about the word for "tree" and just use the new word to apply to all the tall plants they encounter. The same thing happens with new types of fish and fruits and vegetablesnew words start to replace the old ones that are no longer as relevant. Let's also say that the heretic preacher has a speech impediment that causes him to mispronounce certain vowels. He teaches all of the village's children their lessons, so they learn to speak like him and adopt the new vowel pronunciations. 100 years later, one of the heretics goes back across the mountains to his great-great-grandfather's old village, only to find that when he speaks, people have a hard time understanding him. Many of the words they use are the same, but the pronunciation is different, and when he talks about climbing a tree or asks someone to pass the fish, all he gets are blank stares, because the old village's words for those things are different than his. This is a rather simple example, but multiply the affects out over hundreds and thousands of years, and it's easy to see how subtle changes add up and over time, make a language unrecognizable. The key factors are time (over which random changes to language happen) and lack of communication between groups (which ensures that not everyone ends up using the same words).