Soccer is popular because you don't need special equipment or infrastructure to play it. You need a spherical object, and a relatively flat field. All other sports need a lot of special equipment or infrastructure.," "I don't think it has anything to do with how funexciting different sports are. Soccer has become a lot more respected in the US over the last twenty years. It's not huge here professionally, but the united states has had a very competitive (most companies gunning for limited customer base, not sports competition) professional sports market since the NFL was founded and the NBA and ABA merged in the 70s. Americans have always had multiple options, and soccer came about relatively late for us. Kids in the US play what they are exposed to, which is usually football and basketball, and everything else is going to be, as you say, sneered at because people are just unfamiliar with it.,I think the reason is two fold. First, the comments regarding wealth and the opportunities to play other sports in the US is valid. I think the second reason is that the fans in the US have been trained to like sports with artificial breaks (tv timeouts, change in innings, end of quarters, etc). Also, we in the US like a lot of scoring and have not been told at a young age that there is beauty in a 0-0 tie. We like our home runs, 3 point shots, power plays and hail Mary passes. Finally, it also could have to do with the US not being that competitive at it nor is our league up to par with the EPL. US spoiled US fans ant the bat and it we feel that something is not perceived as the best, we become uninterested. I do love watching soccer but I am in the minority.', "It's kind of hard to generalize a country as large as the US.... where I live, soccer is very popular not only in the schools, but in the pubs. I think to watch it, you have to think (and it also helps if you played for 20 years and know what's going on). It's much easier to drink beer, eat snacks and watch big men bash each other around (e.g. american football, basketball) What I don't understand is how people complain about soccer being boring watch 162 games of baseball a year. I like baseball, but it is also slow...," "I don't know how much cost factors in (I'm sure it does) but people in the US tend to love high scoring, high intensity games. Before you go off on how soccer is intense, compare it to american football, basketball, even baseball and you should be able to tell that it is way down of eye-grabbing action. On the other hand, part of America also loves NASCAR, and I can't imagine there being anything more boring than watching cars go really fast in a circle for hours.,The same reason why the rest of the world sneers at football. You generally grow to enjoy what is revered by your community.','The cost of equipment does play a role but I don't believe its as great as some people think. For example, take cricket which it could be argued requires more equipment then baseball. However its bigger then any other sport in places like India and Pakistan where kids living in slums will play it with sticks and up turned crates for wickets. I think the reason for the popularity of a sport is down to who the kids playing it aspire to be. If local newssport is dominated by a particular playersport, then kids will play that sport to be like their heroes. Who in turn become professional players who are then heroes to another generation and so on. If Messi or Ronaldo were American, "soccer" would suddenly become a lot more popular in the US.','I don't think soccer is sneered at and bashed, as a sport. We sneer at the disdain heaped upon American football, with the hand-egg jokes, and "hurr, hurr, I thought you were talking about real football, not blah blah." Nobody likes being looked down on by elitists.','Americans like american sports. Basketball, football, and baseball originated in the US. Hockey and soccer, not from here, will always be distant 4th and 5th place sports