A Clockwork Orange doesn't have a "message," it's a dystopian story and character study on Alex. I don't think the film presents his actions as good, or anything other than "unbridled lustrage" at all. The film asks questions about how far it is ethical to go to "fix" people. In the film, Alex is forcibly rehabilitated with classical conditioning, forcing him to go through extreme pain for a very long period of time, with the end result of one of his favorite things in the world (classical music) being physically painful for him, because it was part of the technique used to torture him and make him "better.,'Artistic cinematography, dystopian themes, primal behavior, and psychosomatics. I think.','A Clockwork Orange is one of my favorite movies ever. I like it for both the aesthetics and the allegorical plot. Aesthetically, the movie is gorgeous. The colors pop and every shot is planned-out and attractively-arranged. Stanley Kubrick was very good at this. The movie is set in a near-future Communist dystopia and the set dressings themselves added to this without being silly or verging into Road Warrior territory. All those weird words Alex keeps saying; they're bastardized Russian. I love the look of Alex and his droogs. Rewatching the movie now still evokes the "cool to 13-year-old me" feeling I got the first time I saw the film. The other costumes are great as well: Alex and the girls in the music shop, Alex's parents, the writer's wife...these contrast with the more straight characters in the truancy officer and prison officials. I also enjoy the moral quandaries presented in the movie. Even at 13, I saw in Alex and the Droogs the same light as the school bullies of my youth. Some had been raised in abusive homes, others grew up in legitimately-dangerous neighborhoods (Pontiac or Detroit). Despite these scarring pasts, bullies were also frequently just selfish assholes. So, in Alex's case, to what degree was his antisociality a part of his dystopian upbringing and surroundings and to what degree was he just a sociopath? By illustrating a potential way for a society to deal with its "incurable" sociopaths brings to light the question of "how do we deal with such people in our society?" In our world, we just lock them up in prison and throw away the key. In the film, society tries to rehabilitate Alex (the robbing, wino-beating, raping, murderer) with the goal of releasing him back into society in a condition where he won't commit other crimes. To what degree might this be a valuable thing for our society? To what ends might we allow ourselves to go to rehabilitate prisoners rather than just locking them up? In the film, Alex gives his consent for the treatments, though from prison. To what degree is this consensual and to what degree is it based on a difference in power? In our world, we might not do such extreme experiments on prisoners, but we can apply that question to other relationships where there is an imbalance of power. On a final, lighter note, the soundtrack! Wendy Carlos was one of the pioneers of electronic music and the Moog synthesizer she used contained elements she built herself. The soundtrack of famous classical pieces performed on the new (ish) medium of the electronic synthesizer provides a startling contrast.','Ever watched The Shining or Space Odyssey? You can really see the similarities in cinematic direction Stanley Kubrick uses. Sorta vague and thought provoking with a minimalistic edge and suspense. Fun to look out for. It allows for multiple and different ideas on whats happening in his movies.