I heard that the fabricators that Intel uses to create their processors are top secret, but is that keeping foreign companies left behind to play catch up? Intel is basically one fabrication process ahead of everyone else in the industry, including AMD which is sort of a US company (they are based in the US, publicly traded but a major interest is owned by Abu Dhabi). In the history of computing equipment IBM, which has been around since before computers, was the big dog. They bought any'business machines' that seemed to be useful to them, including european ones. As time went on and you had branching of the industry most of it went to US companies closely connected to IBM (not necessarily allies but competitors too). Where IBM owned the business market Microsoft (which got its start working for IBM), and Intel made stuff for IBM computers. Then someone came up with the idea of an IBM clone (I'm being vague that's a whole history tale unto itself) but Intel and MS took off, AMD formed to compete with Intel and Nvidia hit it big when 3DFx imploded. Prior to the 1960's there were some big microelectronics companies in Japan (that still exist in one way or another), as well as smaller ones in the US. Siemens, the german megacorporation has always been involved in some ways but they seemed to leave the integrated circuit business mostly to other people. So that's kind of it. IBM bought local because they could rapidly develop with other local oufits. Taiwan particularly has picked up a LOT of high quality manufacturing of semiconductors, but the big guys for a Long time were Intel and AMD's manufacturing (what is now Globalfoundries) which are mostly US and Europe. The east asian stuff all came later. Japan has always had a toe hold in the market - particularly storage, but Intel processors were so much better than anyone else that no one can compete with that market, and since Intel owns x86, well, Intel owned the computing business.,The US electronics industry saw a lot of production move overseas as Asian electronics companies were increasingly able to produce cheaper radios, audio equipment, televisions and commodity chips at equal or better quality. But where their education systems and industries are good at producing the kind of engineers who can refine a process, the US still has the edge in creative thinking. And processors require creative thinking, much more so than memory chips. As for the equipment American, Japanese, Korean and Taiwanese companies use to make computer chips, the market is more egalitarian. In a fab I worked in, there were machines from the US, Japan and Korea.