but I don't see it as really interfering with my day to day life. Well, that is the difference. In those with PTSD it does interfere with their daily life. Mental disorders are all defined by the harm they do to someone's daily life or that of others. If you have a terrible memory that you can put aside and still go on without issue, it is not PTSD. If you cannot do that anymore, if it starts limiting you in your life, starts seeping into all your thoughts, makes you change the way you life to avoid possibly thinking of that.... that's PTSD.," "As I understand it, and I'm a layperson for sure, is that the difference is that those memories surface relentlessly and uncontrollably, thereby causing undue mental stress and otherwise wreaking general mental havoc far above and beyond typical levels. Edit: added last clause of last sentence," "As someone who's been through minor PSTD and still suffers from it occasionally it's not a haunting memory. It can trigger reactions that are outside the realm of what is considered normal. For example, a loud noise like a car back firing. A perfectly normal response would be to get startled and maybe look around and duck. An irrational response would be to dive for cover in a ditch before your brain catches up. (I've experienced this). Or an in appropriate response to the above while driving would be dropping across three lanes of traffic at the sound, weaving, and accelerating to 90 mph. (Also, did this and was pulled over for it). PTD is life altering, haunting memories are just an inconvenience.," "A good example: I've been cheated on by many girlfriends in my past. That's something that harmed me emotionally, but not something I think about too often. I was also in the 2004 Tsunami and watched hundreds of people die while barely getting out myself. That's something that I wake up to fearing every second of every day- I hate tight spaces and crowds if I can't get away immediately. Every truck that rolls by and rattles my windows reminds me of the 3am rattling that woke me up. It's a constant flashback, not just a memory. Every morning I wake up nauseous.