You'd be surprised how much some "undesirable" people can make. Strippers and drywall hangers probably make more than you. The very fact you work two jobs puts you fairly low on the ladder. Multiple jobs also ducks with your tax withholding rate. When you fill out tax forms, they generally only take out money like you're working the one job even though, with two jobs you're probably in a higher bracket.','Tax refunds usually happen because more of your pay was withheld for tax than necessary. How big it is in that case is only tangentially connected with gross earnings and much more directly with things like your tax bracket, which deductions apply and how those changed since the last time your withholding amounts were adjusted.', "You're aware you're not SUPPOSED to get a tax refund? If your refund is low, that means your taxes are being figured correctly throughout the year and you got to keep more of your paycheck. It's a refund, not an income bonus.," " I can tell by the way the things they say that they don't workwork some low wage job. I just don't get it. If they don't work, or make less that 500 (I think), then they can't file taxes. They must have earned income. Taxable earned income includes: Wages, salaries, tips, and other taxable employee pay; Union strike benefits; Long-term disability benefits received prior to minimum retirement age; Net earnings from self-employment if: You own or operate a business or a farm or You are a minister or member of a religious order (see Special Rules page for more information); You are a statutory employee and have income. (See definition of statutory employee on our Helpful Definitions and Acronyms for EITC page). Nontaxable Combat Pay election. You can elect to have your nontaxable combat pay included in earned income for EITC. The amount of your nontaxable combat pay should be shown on your Form W-2, in box 12, with code Q. Electing to include nontaxable combat pay in earned income may increase or decrease your EITC. See Publication 3. Armed Forces Tax Guide, for more information. Examples of Income that are Not Earned Income: Pay received for work while an inmate in a penal institution Interest and dividends Retirement income Social security Unemployment benefits Alimony Child support. URL0,There are tax credits which benefit the poor and give them significant refunds, such as the earned income credit and child tax credits. Through these, it is possible to get a refund which is greater than the amount of tax you paid in. They are allowed to get such large refunds because they don't make very much money. In fact, the "less than desirables" with the largest refunds probably make the least amount of money. On a related note, the size of your refund is generally dependent on how much money you choose to allow the IRS to withhold from your paycheck, as well as how many credits and deductions you are able to use during tax time. In the broader sense, it's not really possible to make many assumptions about people based on the size of their refunds. In fact, as counter-intuitive as it may seem, getting a large refund, from a personal finance standpoint, is actually not a good thing, as you have lent the government a large sum of money interest-free.','It also depends on if you have any dependents or if you qualify for certain credits. I know people who made way less than I made but still got 3-4 times more in return because they had kids.', "If I understand your question correctly, which I prob don't. wouldn't it depend on how much you pay, over the required amount? I hope I understood your question.,People with kids get high income tax credits for working part time at any point during the year. Like 3000 per kid.','I think there are tax credits that can result in the refund of more than actual tax paid.