Consider a circle. We know its circumference is 2pr, because we took geometry. Or, more generally, we know its circumference is 2pr because that's how pi is defined. How would we get the area from there? Suppose you had a clock hand of length r, and you covered it in paint. Assume that there is enough paint that it won't run out or anything. You let it sweep around in a circle. The area it will paint is the area of a circle with radius r, yes? I propose that the amount of paint that the clock hand dumps on to the paper is linear. In other words, it does not matter where the clock hand is along its path: it paints just as much at 6 o'clock as it does at 8 o'clock or whatever. So, if we wanted to consider the amount of paint it's painted as a function of how far it's traveled, we would use a linear function, since it's a linear process. Linear functions have this interesting tendency of looking like lines, like [this] (URL1). Maybe that has something to do with why they're called "linear," better minds than me can ponder that mystery (huehue). We're getting close, so hang on. I have a function that tells me how much I've painted based on how far I've traveled. If I want to get the exact number, what I do is say "hey, that looks like a triangle!" and I take the area, [like this] (URL0). The area of the shaded region is the amount that I've painted. So, suppose I trace a full circle, ie I bring the head of the clock hand from x0 to x2pr, which is the whole circumference of the circle. I know how much paint gets dropped when I do that, because I know it's a linear function. Well, I know that I've swept a total distance of 2pr, so the base of my triangle is 2pr. I also know that my clock head has length r, so the height of the triangle is r. What's the area of the triangle? pr (2). Yes, math. You did a good job. Good girl, have a treat. As an aside to the reader, welcome to second semester calculus. So, spheres. I swept a clock hand to get the area of a circle. Could I sweep a circle to get the volume of a sphere? Yes. In the same sense that I ended up tacking on an extra "r" when I bumped up from circumference to area, I tack on an extra "r" when I go from area to volume. That part makes sense, just like how the perimeter of a square is r, the area is r (2), and the volume of a cube is r (3). Easy. Why 43? What I would like to impress upon you is the power law of derivatives. Calculus shit. pr2 - 2pr when we take something called the "derivative." By doing so, I turn area into circumference. I actually did all this shit already, but now I'm doing it backwards. Similarly, pr3 - 3pr2 when I take the derivative. Here, I'm turning volume into surface area. I know (for other reasons which I can go into if you really care) that the surface area of a sphere is 4pr (2). So, if the surface area is 4pr (2), and volume - surface area gives me r3 - 3r (2), volume must be (43) pr (3). edit: If someone is curious I can try to justify the whole power law stuff. Doing an ELI5-friendly 2-d analogy for the area of a circle was hard enough, and I frankly just could not think of an accessible way to work it out for 3d. I can give it a shot if someone's really curious, though.','Take a sphere and cut it into a bunch of small pyramids facing towards the center. Then just add up the volume of all the pyramids. [MathematicsOnline] (URL2) has a great video explaining it with animations.