Senorjefe] (URL0) gives a good answer, but I'd like to expand on it... First, the ISS wasn't just flung up into space in one piece. It's been put together over the years, module by module and bit by bit. Those modules have to fit inside whatever brought them up there, whether Space Shuttle, Soyuz orbiter, or old-fashioned rocket, so there's a size limitation. Second, space is a very alien environment for humans, so the most important function of those modules, beyond whatever science they do, is keeping the humans inside them alive. They have to fit together precisely, they have to allow for room for the sciencey stuff as well as human habitation, and they have to keep space out and atmosphere in. Therefore, they aren't designed for looks, but for utility. Third, there's very little gravity up there, so there isn't really any "up" or "down," so it doesn't matter so much which way things go. Oh we can put this control panel here, and that other control panel over there but it fits better upside down. That works. Fourth, remember the "keeping the passengers alive" bit? That means that every system on there has multiple back-up versions of itself, since there isn't exactly a space version of an auto parts store nearby that the astronauts can run out to if something fails. See "designed for utility," above. Fifth, since space is only now becoming commercialized (and, so far, only with non-human cargo), the ISS is inhabited by people used to going to space in crappy little tin cans with few creature comforts. Since there was also a long tradition of astronauts coming from the military, a lot of design took its cue from the pure functionality of military construction in the first place. Need a house in the desert? Here's a tent. Maybe some concrete blocks and a tin roof. Good enough for a soldier. What are you complaining about? The view is fantastic. This will gradually change once space travel has been commercialized and we start lobbing cash-paying civilians up there on a regular basis, at which point space stations will probably resemble those pod hotels in Japan, but we're not quite there yet. TL;DR: it's really expensive to get stuff up there, there are multiple redundancies in the hardware that take priority, and the people involved have traditionally been conditioned to Spartan conditions anyway.', "On a related note, we've all seen how NASA uses ultra cleanrooms to build stuff going into space. The next thing you see is an astronaut, usually a woman, with lots and lots and lots of hair, all puffed-out, floating around up there. Now, how can that be good in a closed environment? What's the point of worrying about a dust particle, if you've got 20 inch long hairs accumulating up there?