If police or rescue operations are in effect, they can get hurt in the trap and no longer able to help you','Because you exercise judgement when shooting someone. A booby trap can get something other than a burglar and kill them.','Setting a trap is done with a reckless disregard for human life; you cannot know the circumstances under which the trap will be deployed. The choice to defend yourself with a weapon under your control, however, is a measured oneunder the circumstances, it may be justified to use force in your defense. The precise legal standard varies, but you need to have some reasonable fear for your own safety. With a trap, you are only out to harm, no matter whether you have a credible fear.', "It's not always legal to shoot them in the act. The law varies from place to place And anyway the issue is that booby traps are indiscriminate while a person (hopefully) isn't. If a firefighter were to break down your door you would have the good sense not to shoot at them but a booby trap doesn't know the difference.," "Outside of Texas, the law does not allow deadly force to stop a thief. It allows it in self-defense. If someone is breaking into an occupied house, there is a presumption that a reasonable person would think they intend to kill the occupants. This presumption is not absolute. Traps are normally defending unoccupied property, where self-defense doesn't work. However, even for occupied property, some jurisdictions consider them unjustifiable force. The traditional rule was that traps were justified only if a person in the same situation would have been justified in using deadly force (if you ignore that adding a person to unoccupied property makes it occupied). But that's a somewhat stupid distinction to draw. A trap doesn't know if force was justified or not. It can kill a firefighter as easily as an arsonist. So, to discourage people from trying to game the odds, the rules have been generally changed to make deadly traps unreasonable. A trap is inherently dangerous for everyone, so the law discourages it.,There was a case in San Anselmo, CA where the booby trap intended to defend an owner's garage hurt two kids. It was a shotgun rigged to shoot if someone opened the garage. As far as I am aware that was the groundbreaking case that established that booby traps are no good bc there is no "control" over the booby trap.', "Because you can't simply shoot a thief in the act in any state in America. You can shoot to defend yourself, you can even assume violent intent of anyone who breaks into your house in some states, but you cannot shoot someone simply for stealing.