Software engineer here. I think alot of people that work in my area are interested in this because the rate of technological progress seems to only be increasing. Things that were once science fiction are not too far away. Alot of minimum wage jobs are inevitably going to see humans replaced with robots. Its not just the future. This is real, and its going to happen. Then the question becomes well, now what? Politicians will blame immigrants or create some other bogeyman. In reality, we will need some kind of basic income to prevent people from rioting on the streets. In the US, the charade has been that if you are poor, it is your fault for being lazy. Well, once automation starts eating a good chunk of jobs, this attitude will eventually face reality and change, for better or worse.', "Socialists have to do something that involves not working for a living. Serious answer: Just a trend that may stay. It's an answer to what happens when the human workforce as a whole is less efficient than automated labor. If this becomes the case it would be more economically viable to automate labor and thus result in large unemployment if economic value can be created with all the profit going straight to the top. Currently it does not seem like the monetary system is going anywhere so this is something that in theory could work (practical implementation notwithstanding).,The idea is that the world is running out of jobs that humans can do, so UBI might be the only way for people to be able to buy things to keep the economy going. For most of human history, most people made a living or sustained themselves by producing things - either producing things necessary for living (i.e. food), or producing goods that could then be tradedsold for a living. One important thing about trading is that you need to have someone to trade WITH. I'll get back to this in a minute. The US is just not a manufacturing nation anymore - and even when there are factories in the country, they're mostly operated by robotsmachinery, not people. Meanwhile, less than half of working Americans have a college degree, yet our economy is already oversaturated with well-trained and hyper-qualified professionals. (Some industries do experience a labor shortage, but these are few and far in-between; most face a surplus). In the "middle" are service jobs, but even when full-time, most can't even sustain a single person, letalone families (and most aren't full-time, anyway). Additionally, you need a certain population density for service jobs to really work, so they don't work as a stop-gap in rural or suburban communities the way they do in more urban areas. On the flip side, "sustainment" economies (economic systems built on the assumption everyone is farming their own food, building their own home, etc.) also needs a certain population density in order to work - specifically, it needs a very low one, in direct contrast to the high one needed for service jobs. In short, there are increasingly less jobs to be had in relation to the amount of people there are - which means no one is making money. If no one is making money, then who is going to buy products (or even just basic necessities) to keep the economy going? From the purely economic stand point, along with issues of simplifying social safety systems and reducing state aid, a universal basic income could become necessary to keep the economy running in the long-term. Remember when I said trading only works if you have someone to trade with? The reason why some big tech companies, and entire nations, are looking into UBI is because to many, this is one day going to be literally the ONLY way they - or anyone else - will have customers to buy their 'goods'. This is far from a new perspective. Henry Ford once shocked the American business world by paying his workers over double the minimum wage at the time, the infamous 5day (which is equivalent to about 120day today, or about 15hour for an 8-hour work day). He had a lot of very sound economic reasoning for it, the simplest being that he wanted his workers to be able to make enough money to buy his cars. It worked - up intil the Great Depression, he actually kept raising his workers' wages, and kept seeing massive rises in sales at the same time. (Not only were the workers themselves buying his cars, but they were able to spend more elsewhere, meaning other people were now also earning enough to be able to buy his cars). This is the underlying logic of UBI - give people money so they can spend it, which will keep our businesses afloat ifwhen they don't hire nearly enough humans for people to earn money on their own. (In before the libertarians shit themselves all over my explanation: yes, I'm well aware that there are many, many flaws with UBI, and that the Swiss had some very good reasons for rejecting it. I'm not the biggest fan of it, myself. However, the OP asked for why people are interested in UBI in the first place, and this post was just to explain why people are interested in it, and include as many of those reasons as possible, in a way that doesn't just shit on poor people and accuse everyone of "wanting a handout.