I unfortunately don't know the answer to this question, but I thought I should respond to the "I wear my '2-week' lenses for months!" vibe here. DON'T DO THAT! F'real. I'm a microbiologist, and while I don't study this stuff myself I've seen some talks and papers about wearing old disposable lenses. Bacteria love being on contact lenses. Think about it: no immune cells on the surface of your eyeball, it's moist and warm between the lens and your eye, a ton of protein for food in your tears. You can try to scrub them off when you take your lenses out for the day, but after a few weeks it becomes really hard to get all of them off because they start laying down glue, basically, to settle in for the long haul. This is called a biofilm, and bugs are really hard to clear from one of these. Then, your lenses are little petri dishes you mash up against your cornea for hours and hours a day. Eventually, some of those bugs are going to hop off the lens and start digging around in your cornea. Some species that are especially nasty at this, like Pseudomonas aeruginosa, can go from "kind of itchy" to "full on pus-bag corneal keratitis" in less than 48 hours. Then it's too late and you need a corneal transplant. The risk of infection goes up drastically after 2 weeks for disposable lenses, even if you don't wear them every day. I know they're expensive and it seems dumb to keep throwing them away, but trust me, do it. Just wear your glasses for a while instead. Ladies love glasses anyway.','This really seems like an AskScience question. Or even one for Answers.', "OK, I will try to explain like you are 5; There really is no difference between them, especially when it comes to cleaning them. One is just made of a slightly different material, 30 days wears away faster as to 6 months ones. ALSO, the type of contacts you get are bases off of your eye shape and prescription. I cannot stress enough, even though you have contacts you can wear for 6 months, PLEASE, take them out and clean them still!! That's how you get infections!! When I wore contacts, I had to super clean them at least once a month because of the protein buildup. Here's how my mom puts it; would you wear your underwear for 6 months straight? It's the same as your contacts. Both get super dirty. Source my mom has worked in the optical business for many years. I called her and tried to remember everything she said. If any other questions, I can probably answer.,This is a question for the lens manufacturer, and even then you may not get a straight answer. There was a scandal around fifteen years ago where it was discovered that B L disposable lenses were identical to their extended wear lenses.