If you run a finger through water and then run your finger through honey, do you feel the difference in how thick the two different liquids are? That thickness is called viscosity, and it applies to all liquids. When you're using an oil, it's important to match its viscosity (when dealing with oil, this is also referred to as "weight to how you're using it. Too thick and it won't get into all of the small nooks and crannies, but too thin and it'll get out too quickly and won't provide enough lubrication. With motor oils, it's important to remember that many cars will start cold and then run at a different temperature, and the viscosity of a liquid will change as the temperature changes. So it's 70 degrees outside and you start your car, the motor oil will be very thick compared to after your car has been running for 15 minutes and the engine is around 200 degrees. But since it is important that the car be lubricated when it's cold as well as when it's hot, it's important to know how those oils will behave when heated. The numbers you see represent the cold and hot weights (viscosity) of the oil. The thicker an oil is, the higher a number, so you need a number that is small for when the engine is cold and a number that is large for when the engine is hot. This is why when you change your oil in the spring they'll put in 10w-40, but when you change it again in the fall you get 5w-30 - the shift in temperature around you calls for thicker oil in the summer so it doesn't thin out too much with the extra heat, and thinner oil in the winter so it can quickly lubricate your engine when you start your car. Your manufacturer has done a lot of testing with the engine to determine which oil weight is ideal for it and will list this information in your manual.', "URL0 The first number is a measure of how viscous or thick the oil is at low temperatures. The second number is how thick it is at high temperatures. Since the oil is supposed to lubricate the engine, you don't want it to be very thick, unless your engine can handle it. The bottom line is that you should use whatever type of motor oil is specified in the owner's manual. A generic brand is fine, so long as the designation matches.,Different oil weights have different thicknesses which may or may not affect how fast they move through small holes, called orifices. A thick oil through a small hole will increase oil pressure and cause possible damage to an engine.