The Constitution and it's amendments override all other laws if there is any conflict between them. As such the only way to overrule an amendment is with another amendment. it is not that repealing an amendment is impossible, just that it is extremely difficult as it requires going to the process of making a new amendment, which requires a super majority of the House and the Senate, and then requires ratification from enough states.,The Constitution is considered to be the highest law in the land. No onenot the President, Congress, military, or Supreme Courtis above this document. The Supreme Court's role is to assess the constitutionality of any law that comes before it, so they probably have the biggest influence over determining much of the interpretation of the document. Any law passed by Congress and the President has to meet the requirements of the Constitution; anyone can challenge it and have the courts review it. The founders made it deliberately difficult to amend the Constitution. Rememberthe Constitution isn't supposed to govern the day-by-day laws that Congress and the President deal with every day; it's supposed to be big-picture stuff. So changing the Constitution is a pretty big deal and maybe only happens once every few decades. Because of this, amendments are supposed to be accepted by a large portion of the electorate. Unless there is a nationwide desire to change the Constitution, it probably won't happen. The procedure is: 1. Congress proposes it. It must be passed by 23rds of both the House and the Senate. 2. States must, through their state-level legislatures, pass the amendment as well. 34 of the states must do so. (Technically, "state conventions" can also be called to pass to circumvent the state legislatures, but this is extremely rare and has only happened once in American history.) So you have to have nearly everyone agreeit's going to require support from all parties (it's rare one party will have 23rds of both houses of Congress) and states (just try getting New England, the Pacific, and the South to all agree on where to go to lunch, let alone national issues). Notice in the above procedure that the President has no say. He can support and speak out foragainst an amendment, but technically he can't vote for or veto it. Amending the Constitution is rare. We only have 28 of them in over 200 years, and the first ten The Bill of Rights were proposed and ratified shortly after the Constitution was written, so effectively we've only done it 18 times since the founding of the nation. And many of these are boring and procedural (lowering the voting age and changing the date that the President is sworn in, for example).