Well, first of all, there's tons. The most famous and amazing examples of ancient architecture were left by the African civilization we call'Egyptians'. So, you say, okay, but they were Mediterranean. What about central Africa? Well, Mali is pretty central, and they left awesome looking stuff [like this] (URL0) all over the place. Or did you mean from the southern parts of Africa? Because [Zimbabwe has awesome ruins too] (URL1). A better question to ask is why we don't glorify the ancient African civilizations (other than Egypt) like we do the ancient mesoamerican ones. Both were wiped out largely by the Spanish and Portuguese, and both had their legacies wiped out by colonialism. In truth, I don't know the answer to that one. We just never did.," "Egypt is in Africa. Why do people forget that? Besides that, there are plenty of other ancient structures and ruins in Afica. I guess I'm saying, your premise is flawed and overly general, and requires further investigation.,Sub-Sarahan African tribes rarely built out of stone, and only stone architecture survived for many centuries. In Northern Africa there are a great many surviving pieces. The pyramids of Egypt come to mind.', "A lot of people have highlighted Egypt and other centres of African heritsge already. But the question is why there's not as much of it, and that IS still a fair question. Africa is a huge continent but there is still a fairly restricted number of extant historical sites that are comparable. The main reason, as.many have pointed out, is the nomadic lifestyle. The same can be found in Australia, and is directly related to the climate in the region. The inability for farming to grow beyond a subsistence level in many areas of the continent is the main reason that a nomadic lifestyle remained prevalent through the ages. Those areas that have built from stone, or even more permanent mud-based bricks in some areas, tend to correlate highly with floodplain areas of large rivers, either with large rich floodplains like Egypt, or a lush forest area that still provides rich fertilisation. The requirements for making larger and more.oermanent structures are quite heavy; often a society would require dedicated craftsmen for both tools and stonework to make quality materials. Those craftsmen can only dedicate to their craft if society can provide for them without them hunting, gathering, herding or subsistence farming. With few exceptions, most areas that develop lasting ancient architecture are those with a temperate climate that support fertile soil, a reliable water supply, and can sustain this for several generations. This allows a society to put down roots in an area, building into a permanent settlement that cultivates larger areas of land more efficiently, providing. A surplus of food that can feed non-food producing workers. Most of Europe, Asia, and south America can provide much of this capacity, as well as the flood plains of predictable large rivers, like the Nile. Access to stone is the final key factor to this, which also tends to be why, despite their pre-disxovery population size, Native Americans lack much ancient architecture. They did in fact build quite large settlements comparable to European cities, however a combination of the preservation of their naturalistic cultural roots, and the additional climate struggles of north-america's varying geography and seasonal extremes, alongside a massive availability of wood, led them to mostly avoid permanent stone buildings. So there you go. The short answer is because Africa is a hot, dry continent in many areas, where people didn't have time to develop crafts not immediately associated with imminent survival, except in a few safe zones.," "If you're talking about sub-Saharan Africa, it is because they typically built buildings from non-permanent materials, like mud and wood, instead of more permanent materials like stone. For example there's a famous mosque in Mali, West Africa made from mud. It's been around for a long time, but it needs to be fixed constantly (presumably whenever it rains). If it wasn't maintained it would melt away and disappear without much of a trace. There are some notable exceptions like Great Zimbabwe and ruins built by related groups in Zimbabwe and northern South Africa. I have no idea why they usually didn't usually use permanent materials.