The AC is run by the engine. Just like the engine is pushing your car forwards, the engine is also running the compressor for the AC. If the AC is entirely electric, then the engine is working that much harder to charge the battery through the alternator. The engine is producing power for all of this. More power required means more gas burned. You might not realize it, but 50 MPH requires a little less pressure on the gas pedal than 50 MPH AC.', "AC systems work by compressing a gas (freon or equivalent), and in your car there's a pump that engages to compress this gas in order to run the AC. So the pump puts some resistance on the engine, and, basically, one or 12 of the horsepower that your engine normally sends to the wheels is consumed by the AC. Thus, you consume more gasoline to accelerate to speed and drive around. Just slightly.,Part of the ac system is a compressor., this compressor compresses Freon to make coldness. This compressor has a pulley (or wheel) that needs to spin for it to operate. Your serpentine belt, attached to your motor, is what spins it. In layman's term when the ac is off it does not spin, when the ac is on, the compressor kicks on and spins. The compressor pulley does not just spin freely, it takes a little force from the belt to make it spin. This force is also like friction, so to compensate for extra loaddragfriction on the belt causes your motor to work a little harder, thus using more fuel. If you listen really closely, or watch your rpm guage, when you turn you ac on you will hear your motor (rpms) rev down for a split second from the friction of the compressor turning on. Due to modern computers your engine can sense this drag (slowed rpm) from the compressor and so the motor knows to give it a little more gas, to rev it back up, for proper idle speed','The AC compressor is turned by a belt connected to the engine. The pully on the compressor has a clutch on it. The clutch allows the pully to spin freely and not turn the compressor. This means your engine is only using enough power to spin a small pully. When you turn your AC on, the clutch engages the compressor. This means your engine is now using much more power to highly pressurize the gas used in your AC system. Your engine now needs a larger force to turn at the same speed. To generate this extra force more fuel must be put into the cylinder to generate a more powerful explosion. The more fuel your engine needs to turn at the same speed, the lower your gas mileage will be.','Where do you think the power to run the AC comes from? When you turn on any of the electrical systems in your car, you draw power from the engine through the alternator, ergo the engine must provide more power, which generally means increasing the fuel flow rate slightly.