First, set up a budget. This is probably your biggest step towards declaring your independence - knowing how much money you have and what you're spending it on will be crucial. Check out rpersonalfinance for more guidance on this. Rent, utilities, food, insurance, car maintenance, home maintenance, and others will pop up. Got pets? They'll cost you money at inopportune times - budget for that. You want a new TV? Budget and save. A new car? Budget and save. A new computer? Budget and save. Second, learn to save. Saving is much easier when you have a budget. You ideally will have a minimum of 6 months worth of expenses saved up in case something happens, and trust me when I say things will happen. Don't try to keep up with everyone else. You'll see your friends spend stupid amounts of money on things and you'll be tempted to do the same, but know what your limits are. Too many young people will buy BMWs because they're concerned about the prestige of owning a luxury vehicle, but will screw over their credit buying a car they can't afford (both to purchase and to maintain) and hurt themselves for years to come. Learn how to cook. This is probably one of the most important skills that you can have that isn't directly related to your finances, though it will indirectly impact your finances because cooking for yourself is cheaper than going out to eat. Buy a cookbook, learn the various terms being used, and learn how to follow the directions in the cookbook. Not only will it be cheaper and healthier than eating out, it will impress your friends that you can cook well after you've done it for a while. Learn how people and companies that you interact with will try to screw you, and protect yourself. Landlords love to keep that security deposit you put down, claiming you damaged things that they didn't fix before you moved in. Comcast has been in the news a bunch recently. Car mechanics can be some super shady people who know they have you by the short hairs when you bring your car into them.