It's a common misconception to believe that electricity only follows the path of least resistance. In truth it follows all the paths that are available. The less resistance a path has, the more electricity will flow through it. Remember that electricity is moving electrons. Some materials have lots of stuff for the electrons to smash into, and some don't have very much. The materials with less stuff for the electrons to smash into (aka less resistance) will obviously allow more electrons to pass through (aka current).,It's easier to picture circuit flow like a series of pipes. If you were to branch a pipe and restrict flow through one end, most of the water would flow out the other. The water doesn't "know" anything nor test out which is the easiest. But rather the incoming water pushes against the water in the restricted path and the open path. Since the water in the restricted path pushes back more, most of the water goes through the open one instead.','I see a few good answers that touch the right topics. I'm gonna try to explain with an extended analogy. Electrical resistance is really just a number describing how difficult it is to push a bunch of electric charge through some material. It should all make sense soon. Say you have a table covered with jars of different sizes and a lot of ping pong balls. Without aiming for any particular jar, you toss a ping pong ball at the table. Assuming the ball has to fall into a jar, the whole table surface is covered with jars, and the ball is equally likely to fall on any point on the table. Which jar is the ball most likely to fall in? The one with the biggest diameter? Why is that? If the probability of the ball falling on any coordinate on the table is the same, then the jar with the most "coordinates" is the likeliest to get the ball. Now, let's imagine that some jars have false bottoms which the balls fall through and the jar gets emptied. We also start shoveling ping pong balls onto table, so that many balls go into jars quickly. You can see that while initially the jars without false bottoms will get balls at a rate consistent with their cross-sectional area, once they are full, they will no longer get new balls. Perhaps one of the balls might balance on the others, but that is highly unlikely, more likely it will simply roll over to the closest empty jar. Now, we're gonna get even less realistic, and switch from ping pong balls to iron balls and fill up each jar with a liquid of different density. Except in this case all jars have false bottoms which only lets the iron balls through when they sink to the bottom, never any of the liquid. Ignore any splashing. You can see how the jar filled with honey is going to significantly slow the balls, causing new balls falling on it to get rejected. Compare that to the jar filled with water or oil, those jars will have more balls falling through. So that's pretty much it. Electrical resistivity is electrical resistance of the material times the cross sectional area of the specimen divided by the length of the specimen. In my ball-jar analogy, resistance of the material is analogous to the density of the liquid in the jar. Individual electrons chose their path randomly, but according to the different probabilities of choosing each path. But the current involves many orders of magnitudes of electrons, so collectively all electrons statistically chose the "path of least resistance," which is really the likeliest path. I'm glossing over the fact individual electrons don't actually travel down the circuit, but electrons in a "sea of electrons" push neighboring electrons all along the way which moves electrical charge along the circuit. So really, the balls in the analogy is electrical charge, not electrons. I don't think that part is as relevant your question as the statistics aspects of it.