1) Does it matter if you mow the lawn horizontally or vertically? (as in stripes) No. End goal is to go over every patch of grass once, minimizing repeats. Key here is to have just enough overlap with the last stripe to ensure you don't leave a thin line of uncut grass between them. 2) Do I need to change the oil in the lawn mower like in the car? I don't know, can someone help me out? Don't recall the lawn mower I used growing up having a spot for oil. 3) Does mowing the lawn first thing in the morning when the grass is damp really kill the grass? The issue with mowing wet grass is that it is super sticky and will stick to the underside of the lawn mower. Just make sure you don't cut it too short when it is hot and your grass should be OK. 4) If I leave the mower running when crossing the driveway (paved) does this hurt the lawn mower? (I was told I have a mulching mower, so this is bad for it) I have not heard of this. You'll be wasting gas, but I don't see how that would hurt the engine. 5) I was also told that I had to go slower, that running while mowing would be bad for the lawn mower. I was hoping to make it more of a work out. Not bad for the mower per se, but you have to give the blades time to cut the grass. If your yard is big enough your arms will get a decent workout from pushing the mower. 6) Do I need to use the bagging attachment? I haven't used it yet but I was told letting the cut grass fall on top of the mown grass was bad for the lawn. (I forget why) If you cut your grass often enough and the clippings are short enough you can let leave them on the grass. If they are too long you will end up burying your grass and it will die from lack of sun water. Rule of thumb: if the clippings pile up enough to annoy you when you look at it use the bag andor rake up the clippings by hand. 7) I try to cut it every 3-4 days otherwise I am not strong enough to push the mower or it stalls out. Sometimes when going up an incline I find myself having to push with my arms and my body, I will put the top of the handle against my ribs and push. Anything wrong with this? Try going slower with thicker grass, that should help with stalling. Also, try to go up the hill a little sideways versus straight up. Pushing with your body is not bad, but watch that your feet don't end up underneath the mower! 8) Is it bad to go back and forth, vacuum cleaner like in some spots? No, if you missed a small section you end up doing this. 9) how short should I actually be cutting it? Depends on the grass. Ask people around you that have the same type of grass. If you notice that it is starting to die in patches where it is too short, raise the mower the next time. I live in Florida and the grass is very thick. any advice would be sincerely appreciated PS how long will this lawn mower last? Depends on how great you take care of it and how cheaply it was made (much like a car). Keep it out of the rain and don't mow over rocks and big sticks (damages the blades) and it can last a long time., 2) Do I need to change the oil in the lawn mower like in the car? Yup. Check the manual for how often. Another bit of periodic maintenance will be to get the blade sharpened once or twice per year. 3) Does mowing the lawn first thing in the morning when the grass is damp really kill the grass? It'll just clog up the mower. Doubly so if you're mulching. 5) I was also told that I had to go slower, that running while mowing would be bad for the lawn mower. I was hoping to make it more of a work out. You should be moving at a normal walking pace. I'm not sure about it being "bad" for the mower, but you'd definitely do a poor job increase the odds of clogging your mower. Do I need to use the bagging attachment? I haven't used it yet but I was told letting the cut grass fall on top of the mown grass was bad for the lawn. (I forget why) If you didn't have a mulching mower, not using the bag would be bad - you'd have dead, dry grass all over your yard. A mulching mower, however, is supposed to keep chopping up the grass until it's small enough that it just falls down and makes fertilizer. Using the bag is still a good idea on days when the grass has gotten really long or it's still a bit damp. 7) I try to cut it every 3-4 days otherwise I am not strong enough to push the mower or it stalls out. Sometimes when going up an incline I find myself having to push with my arms and my body, I will put the top of the handle against my ribs and push. Anything wrong with this? You might be trying to cut too much off. Sometimes you have to raise the mower first then lower it for a second pass. Refer to what I said about baggingmulching. 8) Is it bad to go back and forth, vacuum cleaner like in some spots? It's not exactly helpful. If the grass isn't getting cut, just move a little more slowly.', "1) You should alternate each mowing between horizontal and vertical in order to promote healthy growth 2) Yeah, eventually you will. I'm not sure how often though. Consult your user manual that it came with 3) No, but it makes it really messy and you can dig up your lawn if you have a powered mower (one that propels itself) 4) No, it's fine. As long as the blade doesn't come in contact with the concrete 5) Go slow. It will cut the grass better 6) No. You can mulch with the attachment that it should have came with. Some people don't like the clippings on their lawn so they use the bag. 7) No. If you haven't used it yet, exchange it for the aforementioned propelled one 8) Nothing wrong with that. Just be careful pulling it backwards. If you trip you can pull the mower right over your feet. I know someone who that happened to. 9) Up to you. IMO, longer cut grass looks better, but if you cut it shorter you can go longer between cuts.," " 1) Does it matter if you mow the lawn horizontally or verically? (as in stripes) Each time I mow, I use a different path orientation than the previous time I mowed. So week one will be vertical, week 2 horizontal, week 3 diagonal, repeat. Not that big of a deal, I just switch it up to try to prevent ruts or wear patterns from being created in the lawn over time. Also, the last time you mow for the year (assuming you don't have to mow in the Winter in Florida) be sure and use up all the gas in the tank or buy and use a fuel preservative at Home Depot. Gasoline goes bad after an extended period of time and using old, unpreserved gas from a previous mowing season will gum up the carburater and cause the engine to run rough (or not at all.) Old gasoline smells like oil-based paint or lacquer thinner. If you smell that, the gas has gone bad and shouldn't be used. Good luck.