Metabolism (catabolic and anabolic actions) Catabolic actionsbreakdown of molecules to form a product Anabolic actionsformation of complex products from simple ones (ex:protein creation form simple molecules called amino acids) Edit Read milliamphour's responses below. My explanation is likely flawed. Males tend to have more of a volume to surface area ratio. Your chest cavity is thicker, your arms and legs have more muscle and fat, and you tend to incinerate more calories on a day to day basis. When both you and your girlfriend are jogging, you might feel equally hot. Both of you are burning calories at this point and metabolism (the breaking apart and building of molecules in your body) are in overdrive. When you lay down to go to sleep, however, your larger volume, muscles, and fat stores start to give off more heat to support your metabolism (again, the breakdown and construction of molecules in your body). After the jog, your girlfriend might be more efficient at giving off heat because of her smaller volume, and lower metabolism, thus, she will cool down faster. The problem is, she will also be more efficient at giving off heat when she is laying down to sleep, so even if her body feels warm, she is colder than you internally because she is losing heat. You are holding on to your heat better, so you actually can feel cold to the touch without feeling cold on the inside. As soon as either of you begin to feel cold on the inside, you start a process of thermeogenesis (heat creation) in most of the cells of your body. Your mitochondria (using O2 and sugar) go into overdrive to heat you back up (catabolic reaction) by breaking down sugars into heat, energy, and CO2. Your body can catch most of this heat because of your larger volume and can kind of recycle it in your bloodstream. As your body warms, the bloodstream carries that heat around and maintains that heat throughout the body. The warmest parts of your body tend to be arteries (fell under your armpits and around your crotch). Your girlfriend is not as efficient at recycling this heat because of her smaller volume, so more heat is lost. In other words, her bloodstream is not as effective at recycling this heat. Keep in mind water also has a high heat capacity (it takes alot of energy to change the temperature) so as your cells heat the water around and inside them (your body is mostly water) the water takes a long time to cool down. As the water in your blood circulates around, you can start to lose heat in your hands, feet, ears, etc. because they are the least thick parts of your body. Sometimes when you feel cold, you bring your hands, feet, and other peripheral body parts (ones far away from the core) towards you. You fold up in a ball to conserve heat. In this case, you are simply increasing your volume to surface area ratio. I hope this helped!,A lot of it can have to do with blood flow to periphery limbs, this is also related to metabolism and digestion. If you are experiencing periphery vasoconstriction, they will get less blood and feel colder. Several things can cause this too.', "I've noticed that males' hands are generally warmer than those of females.