USA here. In the USA we have something called section 8 housing. Which is a govt program that allows people who make under the poverty line (something like 20k annually for single no kid adults) to pay one third of their monthly income in rent, where the govt picks up the rest of the rent. It's up to the landlord to choose to be this way and in large cities there is usually a waiting list to live in a place like this. In addition to that when you make under the poverty line the government gives you a monthly stipend to help you pay for groceries. Off topic a bit. These reasons are why I'm in favor of raising the minimum wage as I feel that the employers are allowed to pay people less than the market rate because the government (taxpayers) pay the difference between the minimum wage pay and the true cost of living.,Many workers get working tax credit and housing benefit. This is because the minimum wage is not enough to live on. It means that employers who pay the minimum wage are being subsidised by the taxpayer.', "I temped in London for a while, and shared a house with six randoms in Finsbury Park before moving into a pretty scummy bedsit. It's possible to live cheaply if you're prepared to share a bathroom and don't mind a bit of mold, but yeah, I'm damned if I know how families manage.," "I am from New York City. Poor people will live in multigenerational housing. So you may have the grandparents with parents with kids. The grandparents might own the place. Also, there's rent control. So, grandma might be locked into a livable rent and her progeny live with her. In some cases with immigrants, they'll bunk together. There's a story in San Francisco about a family of six (with two dogs - ai chihuahuas!) in a SRO paying 1000 per month. Mom and dad have two jobs. They've been on a wait list for subsidized housing for five years. Subsidies help, like food stamps for low earners. I suspect in some cases, certain merchantile activities may help with the revenue stream. Regardless of your opinion of low income people, all cities need low wage workers who are not high schoolers passing through on the way to college and we, as citizens of those cities, have it in our best interests to make it possible for low income people to live and work in our cities along side us.," "It's not much better anywhere in the UK. Down here in Devon the properties are cheaper, but the chances of getting a decent job are significantly slimmer. So begins this whole circle, in that most of the jobs are in the big cities which cost a bomb. All in all the minimum wage is certainly liveable if you are prepared to sacrifice certain things, but as cost of living rises there are many people who would kill to be in the security of earning PS23k a year.," "And it's a wise thing that some governments (e.g. many in CentralNorthern Europe) subsidize Housing Costs for the poor. That way one can avoid the development of neighborhoods that are inhabited only by the poor which tend to be prone for crime hot spots and other problems.