A completely different person would have been born instead of you. On average, that person would have 25 different chromosomes from you, and 75 the same. In other words, your sibling would have been created and you would not.','Short answer: No, it would be another person. Congrats, you were the superior spermatozoon of your spermatozoan tribe.','Simple answer is no. Who you are is determined by several things and two important factors are genetics and environmental, for simplicity we can think of personal experiences. Another sperm would contain a different gene set, from the same pool of genes but randomly generated, so siblings are alike but different all the same. Different genes would constitute a different you to start with, and these differences would also grow as the different you would react differently to the environment and thus making different personal experiences. Super ELI5: Imagine building legos. Your parents hand you each half of their bowl of legos (which they in turn got from their parents). Now you have one bowl of random lego pieces. When building you come up with a result, a spaceship, a car or whatever you imagine and have the pieces for. Now imagine your father took his pieces back, shook the bowl and gave you another random half of his bowl. This lego piece could be similar, but not the same as the pieces and assembly would be different.','You would be different. Is a different "you" still you? You can see it however you want.','Define "me." Your answer will vary depending on what you think constitutes the self. You wouldn't have the same genes, though, so you can look at it that way if you want.','Somewhat off topic but would it be theoretically be possible to have an genetically identical twin be born at a totally different time as you? Obviously the chances would be tiny but is it possible?','Well no. There are many things genetics determine that would change who you are. The easiest to see is your sex. The sperm determines if you are male or female. So regardless of the nature vs nurture argument (how much of you comes from how you were raised vs genetics). A change in sex would change how you are raised.','You would still be "me" but you'd be a different "me" Think brothers and sisters. Egg Sperm from the same source (parents) but different people.', "how genetically different is each sperm? My assumption is each one is different, but that's only based on hearsay. Is it possible to have identical sperm?,The short answer: No. The long answer: It depends on your view of what you define as you, but at a molecular level, no.