Most of the time, learning something mainly involves building a mental model of what is going on. We find familiar things easier to interpret. Things that are not isomorphic to our daily activities take longer to get our heads around. This can be remedied by experience, and a lot of things become much simpler to understand if you persist in attempting to work within a domain - simply because our brains become more familiar with the reasoning involved. For example, someone who has never programmed a computer before may find the idea daunting and become swamped with information to process. They are unable to filter what is novel from what is noise, or where to look for insight. However, after many years in the industry, all but the most complicated endeavors become second-nature; much like riding a bike.','Not sure this is really ELI5 material, but lets look at the process a bit: 1.get Information on a thing you don't know [2.the process you take to absorb the information you are presented [3.Your ability to recall information you absorbed now and earlier [4.Your ability to form a mental model of all the information you have [5.Your ability to play with the model you made, shifting it, adapting it, and understanding the parts that went into it [6.Your ability to present that model to others in the form of information This is a basic process of learning (with my limited understanding), broken up into manageable parts that you can improve, so lets look at each one: 1. Is basically your access to information. The more information you can access that can relate to what you're trying to learn, the better you will be at learning. There is a limit to how much you can process at any given time though, so having this information curated can help, so try and focus the information you look at, while still understanding that generally the more information you have about anything, the easier it will be to learn. 2. The second bit is how you process the information given to you. Do you read it, listen to it, feel it. Is the information you are given easier to process as a whole, or as individual components. Do you need a visual model to make sense of what you're learning? Essentially its questions like this that make up "learning styles" or the idea that people process information differently, and have different degrees of proficiencies with different presentations of data. Your ability to understand how you learn at this phase, and your ability to convert data from visual to literary, to tactile, ect. Will greatly help in how quick this step will go. 3. This part is essentially your brain's health. Having a good memory, and using your brain frequently will help you learn faster, and preserve your mental health longer as you age. Playing memory games (and logic games in relation to [4., 5. on a daily basis will help how well you can allocate memory. Resting your brain is also important, and degrees of stress in your life can also hinder your ability to learn. There is a lot that can be said on how to keep your physical brain healthier, but you're better off looking it up or asking a doctor if you have any real worries. 4. This part is essentially the start of logic and understanding. You are essentially trying to replicate the information you were given in your mind, while relating it to information you already know to form a stronger model. The better you become at relating some information to some other information the easier this step will get, and the faster you'll form the model. Being able to convert information via their learning styles as explained in [2.], will help you to create links easier and shape up a more rigid model. Again the best thing you can do for this step is to try and relate and translate information as much as possible to have stronger links. 5. Now that you have the model, you can begin to play with it. If you've learned a math concept, try and adapt it to a real world situation, and then analyze how parts of that concept hold up and what they relate to. Try and to change parts of the model to see how it breaks or hold up to get a better understanding of it. Essentially challenge what you've learned to make sure if still fits with all other information you have in your brain, and maybe even discover holes in your understanding. This step is essentially reflection, where you ask your self questions to see if you can get a better understanding of we it is you're learning. 6. Finally being able to express what you've learned to someone else is key to being a good learner. Simply just laying out the information to someone else however isn't amazingly helpful to you, you want to teach others the model you've learned. Even if they already feel they know what you have to teach, by explaining your model to them, you get feedback which helps with [5.], and by presenting information in different ways to different people [2.], you are better strengthening your model [4.], and their links. You are also using your brain, which if done in a healthy manner helps [3.]. With the information you get back from trying to explain what you've learned you further expand what you know on the subject you're learning. Hope this helps.', "imagine for a moment you were a 2d creature and someone was trying to explain to you the idea of of a sphere, or a 3d vector. it would be hard to get your mind around. what would a third dimension look like you might wrack your brain trying to figure this out, you might model it on things you know like a 2d coordinate and then just hand wave the extra dimension. now imagine you are trying to understand mc escher's [relativity] (URL0) or for that mater einstein's relativity. it just not going to be something you can get your mind around. but if you are a 3d creature the concept of a sphere is simple, a vector is a little more tricky but easy enough. relativity is still complicated, while 4D shapes are still weird. and it's not just dimensions, teaching science to a person who is just not used to thinking of the world that way (especially if they have people telling them constantly that the world ISN'T that way and people who think it is are horrible people who deserve to be tortured forever) or math to a person who believes they cannot learn math, and they just aren't going to internalize it. and that's the key to knowledge, you must find a way to take information and relate it to something you know, that's how you build knowledge...if you can't span that gap you can't build knowledge.