Being chubby, I have found that if you wear a wife beater that is a size smaller than your shirt it actually kind of slims down the tummy. tl;dr they cure Dunlop disease', "Because you don't want people to know you beat your wife.," "I live in FL and 9 months out of the year it is fucking hot. If you don't wear a wife-beater then your shirt will be soaked in sweat. I never sweat from armpits because I use an anti-antiperspirant, its my chest and back that sweat. I also like to where them whenever I wear a long sleeve button up. It is also like wearing an undershirt without the burden of dealing with two pairs of sleeves rubbing up on one another.," "I've been known to wear one in extra cold weather, in addition to an undershirt. It has no sleeves to bunch up, but adds another layer to my core. Other than the extra cold days, I don't see a use for it.," "First, not about sweating, if the dress shirt material is on the thin side i.e. you nipples show through, then an A-shirt will obscure them nicely without the bulk of sleeves or around the neck. Second, and this maybe just me, but I find if I wear only a T-shirt or dress shirt with nothing underneath during the hot, humid summer and sweat at all, then I will break out in a heat rash on my torso. I don't know why it works, but this doesn't happen if I wear an A-shirt. A bonus here is that an A-shirt will absorb the sweat and prevent it showing on the outer layer shirt, for the most part. Third, as already mentioned, the A-shirt acts as an easy and lightweight extra layer for a bit of warmth. Whether this factors in or not, I find that even with a regular undershirt my pits can sweat to the outer layer on hot days. However, they will dry and cool faster if there is only a dress shirt layer to worry about under my arms.,As a skinny guy (6'1," 130 lb.) They help me fill a shirt better without ruining the fit of the shirt by wearing a full tshirt under it, and (even in warmer weather) helps keep my body warm. In addition, being as skinny as I am, I can't really pull off the whole bare chested thing on hot days, but beaters are comfortable enough and I'm not walking around looking like I just got out of a Turkish prison.','I've never understood this either. A t-shirt, I can understand. I asked a friend of mine who does this, and he said the usual, "Because of sweat, etc." But when I pointed out, "Uhh.... it doesn't cover the really sweaty parts," he was lost for an answer. He said he never thought about it like that before. What the hell?', "cause it's socially unacceptable for men to wear bra's.,For ladies, it adds an extra layer of modesty and comfort. A lot of female shirts would look rather slutty without another shirt under it.', "For me, I wear them when a regular undershirt doesn't work. Like if I have a t-shirt and its hot outside, wear a beater. If I use a t-shirt then the sleeves get all messed up.,i mainly wear one because I often end up doing something that could get my shirt dirty, so having the beater underneath enables me to take my shirt off without looking like a total douche','I wear a wife beater shirt under my work polo, it acts as a layer of insulation round my trunk. It help keeps me warm.', "I have a few shirts that rub against my nipples and if I don't wear a beatert-shirt they will get sore.,so I can take off my shirt and look like tupac