I believe most people just use it for emphasis. Even though it's not necessary, saying "I'm so hungry I'm literally gonna die" is more effective at conveying the message than simply saying "Bro I'm hungry.,'Literally most people in the world are stupid. That's only half-joking, incidentally. I don't know about people who speak other languages, but many people who speak English have, at best, a vague definition of the words they use. Sure, the common ones are understood, but once you step outside the few thousand 'normal', easy words, people get a little confused. To give you a sense of what I mean, I'll give you a similar example. This one occurred in Britain, when I was teenage. It wasn't slang exactly, but people started to use the word blatant quite frequently. Now, if I said, "Define the word blatant, or blatantly," most people couldn't. Hell, I couldn't. So, here's the definition: Blatant: (of bad behaviour) "done openly and unashamedly." Or, "Completely lacking in subtlety; very obvious." So, people would talk about how their friends were "blatantly being a dick." That is actually the correct definition of the word. "Yeah, we was blatantly nicking stuff, but they didn't do anything." Again, correct use. Then, the word began to be misused. People assumed, from context, that it was a synonym for "obvious" or "clear." So, they started to use it that way. For example, you might get a comment like, "That girl is tall"; then, someone would respond with "Yeah, blatantly, mate." Well, no. Not blatantly. The person means obviously, but they don't want to use the word for some reason. As a result, they end up bending the definition of "blatantly," or worse. The misuse of blatant isn't helped by the fact that a better word would be "patently." That means "Clearly; without doubt." So, "That girl is tall," "Patently mate" would be "Yes, there is no doubt that that girl is tall." If you used blatantly, the response is more like, "Yes, that girl is openly and unashamedly being tall," which isn't isn't quite what the respondent means. However, patently and blatantly sound similar, so you end up with extra confusion. So, back to your question. What has happened with "literally," is, as far as I can tell, a similar situation. People started off using the term correctly. "I can't come out tonight, I am literally exhausted right now." Or "I missed my alarm clock. I woke up, showered, brushed my teeth, and got to work in literally ten minutes." Both of those are correct (Literally means "In a literal manner or sense; exactly. However, people who don't know precisely what the word means hear it used, and infer the definition from what they've heard. They don't bother to look it up, and end up assuming that it's a way of emphasizing a point. And then, they start to use it in that way. Slowly, more and more people are using it in the incorrect way, and eventually, it becomes a recognized slang. So, people aren't literally stupid. However, literally most people are ignorant, and they make incorrect assumptions. And with words, that can lead to people using the wrong words without even knowing. Does that help? Edit: Holy fucking shit. I didn't realize how long this answer was until I hit enter. As a tl;dr - people don't read dictionaries, and guess at the meanings of the words they hear, based on context. This can lead to some people getting the wrong idea of the definition, and leads to the problem you're describing.','My favourite Dinosaur Comic on the subject URL0