They are called top level domains, TLDs. They originate from the governing board of the internet. A non-profit that was spun off of the US government agencies that created the internet. There are country specific TLDs (each country gets one) such as.us or.uk. But the data doesn't need to be in those countries, just that the rules of how to get the sub-domains are governed by that country. There are also.gov,.mil,.edu and a few others that have strict rules about who can have one.,As other answers have said, they're called Top Level Domains (TLDs). There is a non-profit organization which is tasked with deciding which TLDs should exist. Many of the the TLDs are then handed over to other, more specialized authorities (all the national ones are handed over to local organizations tasksed with administrating that particular TLD). The rules for getting a domain under a particular TLD vary depending on the TLD. Basically anyone can get a.com, or a.net. The former was originally intended for commercial use, but has kind of morphed into a bit of a catch-all over time..net was always a fairly generic one intended for just "stuff on the net." .edu is much more specialized, and is only given out to educational institutions (and only US ones, I believe, although I could be wrong about that)..gov is used exclusively by the US government. The rules for the national TLDs vary widely, as it is up to each country to decide how to run it. Some have split it further into a predefined couple of subdomains (For example,.URL0 under.uk indicating "commerical stuff in the UK. For some national TLD's, you have to be a citizen of the country in question. For others, the TLD is only given out to commercial entities and organizations, meaning a private person cannot use it for their personal blog even if they're citizens of that country. And some have no restrictions whatsoever. (As an obvious example, the.ly TLD is Libya's, and the URL1 URL shortening service was able to use it without having to have any ties to Libya whatsoever.) So in short, different organizations manage different TLDs, and each can basically set their own rules for who's allowed to to use it.', "The original main Top Level Domains were.com.net.org.edu and.gov The idea was to help identify web site content by the TLD and by choosing the correct domain you could tell your users if your web site was for commercial (.com) a network (.net) an organization (.org) educational (.edu) or government (.gov) Since it was mostly business grabbing domain names, most url's ended in.com and most people being ignorant of tech just figured that is how a web address ended so everyone just used.com for everything. For the most part everyone just uses a.com domain but if you want to separate your site, using a country domain is a good way to do that to show you operate in a specific country and it's also great for identifying actual government pages.