The Americas, Australia, and South Africa were colonized by Europeans. A lot of them went to those lands and established permanent residences there with the intention of having their families live there forever (or at least a long time). In India, the Middle East, and most of the rest of Africa, Europeans just established control for the purposes of extracting resources. Most Europeans went there temporarily to either work or to subjugate native people to work for them. They didn't go with the intention of staying. Since Europeans were living permanently in the Americas, Australia, and South Africa they kept their culture and the nations became Western. Since Europeans didn't really stick around in the other places, the native culture stayed as the predominant culture.,The Americas were basically depopulated when the colonial era dawned, because of the Eurasian diseases that Columbus and his successors brought over. Smallpox, typhus, and the like killed off literally a majority of the population of the Americas before colonists even landed in useful numbers, because the locals had never been exposed to them before and had no immunity. Some estimates go as high as a 90 die-off in the 1500s. This meant that the land was relatively empty, and the political structures that resisted European invaders elsewhere were shattered and ineffectual. As a result of this, and the fact that it was much closer, had more European-like weather, and there were no icky Ottomans in the way, the Americas were colonized earlier. Significant European populations started coming across in the early 1600s, while that didn't happen in Africa until the 1800s. Also, because of all that empty land, the Americas were much more amenable to immigration - vast numbers of poor European farmers came to the Midwest to become well-off farmers in the 19th century, but they only could do that because of policies like "Show up and you get a quarter of a square mile free and clear." No empty land, no farms to give away to European peasants. Also, it's worth noting that Central and South Americans aren't "white" for the most part. They're heavily mixed with the natives, and while European culture and language are more dominant, the ethnicity is quite mixed. Brazilians may speak Portugese, but they don't generally look like Portugese people.','Of interest to the poster would also be that Indians are now found throughout the Caribbean and East Africa particularly as they followed British colonists as indentured servants. Hence the upper class in those countries is white, the middle is Indian and the lower classes are the natives. See Kenya, Tanzania, Trinidad, Jamaica etc.','North America, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa were settlement colonies, were the excess population of Britain could get cheap, fertile land. There was large white settlements in other African colonies but they mostly were abandoned after they got independence. India, and the other colonies were resource colonies, they were there to feed european industry with cheap resources', "In Australia and America, there was lots of land available for European style towns and farms, so it was easy to get people to move there who wanted a fresh start. Africa has plenty of land, but you just can't live there like you can in Europe (except in South Africa, where there was white settlement). Arabia (and the middle east in general) as well as India were full of cities and towns in every good spot, since they were civilized long before the land in Western Europe, so there was no reason to move there, and there were enough people locally, the Europeans just hired them to labor and fight for them.,Western folks killed the native Americans and Australians with epidemic diseases such as chickenpox, smallpox, influenza and measles. There had been trade between Europe, Africa, and Asia for thousands of years, so people in those areas already had immunity to these diseases. At first the infections were accidental. When settlers figured out what was going on, however, they would sometimes do it on purpose. [Giving indians blankets infected with smallpox] (URL0) was considered to be a good trick.