Basically, Israel assassinated a high-ranking military leader from Hamas. This rather peeved Hamas. So, as retaliation, they launched 400 missiles, some of them to Tel Aviv, but most of them in between Gaza and Tel Aviv. A lot of them were shot down by a defense system Israel has set up (called Iron Dome). As retaliation for THAT, Israel has started firing back with air strikes, and also some artilleryshelling from naval vessels. Israel said that it will also follow up with a ground invasion, if necessary, and has 75,000 troops at the ready to go in. Israel has hit a ton of targets, and said they had something like a couple hundred they wanted to hit (two of them were media buildings for news shows for example). Palestine has been launching a few rockets back (yesterday they launched at least 13-15 according to BBC), but they seem to be pretty outgunned. Current death toll stands at: 3 Israelis (2 men and a woman). 7 other people had to be treated for "shock" but that's not really much as far as injuries go. Can't seem to find any other stats. Around 58 Palestinians, anywhere from 13 to 12 of which are civilians according to different sources, but at least 7 of which are confirmed to be children. Total injured is 560. All numbers taken from BBC. Edit: [Here] (URL1) is the link for the BBC article, and [here] (URL0) is the wikipedia article for the current conflict. Edit 2: Death toll is now 69 in Gaza.','On November 14 Israel launched a missile strike against Gaza City, assassinating Ahmed Al-Jabari, the leader of Hamas's military operations. The Israeli Defense Force tweeted that "All options are on the table. If necessary, the IDF is ready to initiate a ground operation in Gaza." The IDF maintains that it has a right to defend itself from attacks originating from Gaza and the Palestinians believe that Israel is perpetrating war crimes. Srsly, IDF? Tweeting?', "The major problem is that everyone in the world wants this to be explained to them like they're five. It's just not that simple. Neither party is the righteous hero in this situation. It's a really intricate, nuanced issue.