Right now, foreign entities have a claim on just over 30 of US national debt (valued at about 6.2 trillion). The rest is owed to Americans, primarily entities that hold US bonds. There are a couple of ways to achieve the goal of clearing our foreign debt (though there isn't really a compelling reason to do so): 1. The US could make it a priority to pay down or buy back foreign-held debt. The treasury department could stop the issuance of bonds to foreign entities, we could do some sort of Federal Reserve program to buy back foreign held debt, and we could provide investors with incentives to buy debt held by foreign markets (driving up the bond prices for foreign held debt, making foreign bond holders more likely to sell). Basically we could incentivise the private market to buy foreign-held debt, and supplement that with a sort of "bailout" to domestic buyers of foreign-held debt. 2. We could raise taxes and cut spending, then use that extra money to pay down foreign-held debt. If we took our entire defense budget and committed it to paying down foreign-held debt, it would take about 12 years. 3. We could just say that we weren't going to honor our foreign-held debt, go into default, and just write it off our books. That's a terrible idea, obviously, but none of these ideas make a ton of sense from a practical standpoint. 4. We could inflate the hell out of the dollar, and just use that money to pay off our foreign-held debt. Again, it's a terrible idea but technically a possibility. Honestly, there isn't a pressing reason to pay off our foreign-held debt. Having a global market in which the US can sell bonds makes it a lot cheaper for the government to borrow money, not to mention the fact that there is a geopolitical-argument for having foreigners interested in the well being of the American economy. If we were really serious about it, I suspect the plan to achieve it would involve a combination of points 1 and 2. I think we'd make a lazy attempt at cutting our budget deficit, then come up with market-based solutions.', "What Denmark has done is actually somewhat limited. It's cleared only that debt that's in foreign currencies. It still owes plenty of debt in Danish krone. Debt in a country's own currency is easier for that country to manage because it controls the money supply. Debt in a foreign currency is potentially more problematic - if Denmark owed 1 billion US dollars, to repay the loan it would have to buy 1 billion US dollars and exchange rate fluctuations mean the amount in Danish krone could vary. EDIT: If the Danish krone were to undergo inflation - reduction in the value of 1 unit - that would automatically reduce the value of krone debt. The number would stay the same but it would be worth less. But it wouldn't affect the value of dollar debt - instead the dollar debt would just be equivalent to more krone. I don't know if the USA even owes any debt that's not in US dollars, since the dollar is the world's dominant currency and has been for many decades.,In order for the U.S. to do so, it would have to stop issuing new debt, in the form of Treasury bills, notes, bonds, etc. while continuing to pay off the ones already outstanding. Over time, the debt would decrease, but would take decades as I believe their are even 30 year T-Bonds that have been sold. In order to do so, however, the government would have to drastically cut back its spending on other programs. In recent years, about 6 of federal budget has gone to pay interest on debt, and about 15 of budget has been funded through debt.', " [Denmark's government still has some 465 billion kroner (67 billion) in debt, which amounted to 23 of GDP at the end of last year, low by international standards. Around 40 of this debt is held by foreigners, who from now on will only get paid back in kroner.] (URL0) Foreign Debt isn't everything.," "Careful now, the story is that Denmark no longer has debt in foreign CURRENCY, that's not the same as having no foreign debt.," "Spend less money andor raise taxes. Borrowing is with absolute certainty less expensive than either of those, though. The 2-3 the government pays on its debt is a lot less costly than deep cuts which would depress output or harm state interests (whether that's protecting the vulnerable, funding social security, or the military) and a lot less costly than raising taxes, which would depress output.