The 18th Amendment was the result of decades of campaigning by temperance groups. While there had been anti-alcohol groups in America basically since the first settlers, a few thing came together to make Prohibition feasible: Increasing involvement of women in politics. Alcohol was mainly seen as a man's problem that hurt women, so women's group made prohibition a major issue. The Women's Christian Temperance Union (WCTU) was probably the best known of the groups. Hygiene, Public Health, Wellness movements. All of these arose in the run-up to the passing of the Volstead Act in 1919. Alcohol was then able to be challenged not only as a moral evil, but as a social ill and health problem. Growing religiosity. The [Third Great Awakening] (URL0) took place in the latter half of the 19th Century. This led to a great deal of people either renewing their faith, or adopting a more fundamentalist view. Often this movement went hand in hand with the women's movement mentioned above. Straight up old school racism. The US had just experience a large influx of Irish and Italian immigrants (along with Germans and Eastern Europeans). Even then these groups had a reputation for being lazy drunks and, worse, they were shudder Catholics. Temperance groups were able to use stereotypes of hard-drinking immigrants to contrast with "traditional American" virtues of hard-work and sobriety. All of these issues came together to make enacting Prohibition a good idea, even by people who did drink.','I also find it hard to believe that two-thirds of Congress and 36 state legislatures could approve such an amendment, but one of the reasons this happened was that the supporters of Prohibition (Wayne Wheeler and the Anti-Saloon League, and the various women's temperance societies) would support any political candidate who supported Prohibition, no matter what their other policies might be. Basically, "You like Prohibition? We like you." By using their minority voting bloc to give the edge to pro-Prohibition candidates, they could secure legislative majorities and pass the necessary laws. If you want to learn more, check out the book "Last Call: The Rise and Fall of Prohibition" by Daniel Okrent. There are several interviews with the author floating around on the net [here] (URL3), [here] (URL3), [here] (URL3).