several things 1. People who inject drugs are at risk for various diseases which may or may not show up on testing (yet) but still be carriers. 2. Testing takes time and money and isn't fool-proof. They screen blood for things like HIV and other STDs but in reality they don't test for everything and rely on the honesty of the questionaire.," "Testing isn't 100 accurate. This is why gay men cannot donate blood, even if they are STI-negative. It won't catch HIV every time.," "Many blood borne illnesses can remain asymptomatic for long periods of time. Years even. Many years ago there was a rash of tainted blood that resulted in many people contracting terrible, incurable, life altering diseases. A friend from high school's dad died of complications from hep c contracted this way. As a result, safety measures were put in place. They barred high risk populations from donating to decrease the chances. This included gay men and currentformer iv users. They also put testing in place to double check all the blood that comes in for blood born illnesses. But those tests aren't perfect. According to the Red Cross, there are 15.7 million donations per year. If the test has a.01 false negative rate (random guess) that means that 1 in 10,000 tests would allow a tainted donation to pass though. That equates to 1570 potentially tainted donations per year. But that is assuming that all the units tested are tainted. By barring high risk individuals, it reduces the potential number of tainted blood units that could possibly have a false negative. It isn't about discriminating. It's just that it isn't worth the increased risk.," "The companies and organizations that collect blood have to look at the financial considerations. So, yes, they will test the blood, but the problem is that by the time they test it, they've incurred all of the costs of collection. If they identify that a group of people has a high percentage of donations that fail testing, there comes a point where it's cheaper to reject all blood from that group and focus the collection efforts on groups that have a much lower incidence of tainted blood.