First, we need to look at each topic- honor and family- separately: East Asian cultures tend to place a high value on the concept of honor (Asian cultures aren't alone in this, by the way, but Western cultures place a comparatively low emphasis on honor compared to other cultures.) Honor in these cultures is defined as not "losing face," that is, maintaining an outward identity that portrays strength and stoicism to others. This is where the image of the laid off Japanese businessman sitting in the park all day comes from- to many in these cultures, admitting you lost your job is perceived as so negative a reflection on yourself that you dare not tell even your own family. Now consider the Asian perspective on family, particularly in China, Japan, and Korea. There are several reasons that people from these cultures tend to view the concept of family differently. For one, Asian culture has traditionally emphasized the concept of "duty" far more than Western cultures. American culture in particular has always been very individualistic in the sense that society tends to encourage people to do what's best for them as individuals follow your dreams! whereas in Asian cultures people often feel pressured, either directly or by force of cultural habit, to think in terms of the collective (working for your country, working for your company, working for your family, etc.) Essentially, Asian cultures have always been more group-focused whereas Western cultures, and especially American culture, have always been more individualistic. And what more personal or inescapable group is there than one's own family? So Asian cultures have always been more family-centric than Western ones, which is why multiple generations often live in the same household. For example, a couple's children may delay moving out because they don't want to be seen as abandoning the family or want to continue to help their parents in some way, meanwhile the grandparent (s) might move in as well because they are too old or impoverished to live alone and their children fear that putting them in a retirement home would be seen as abandoning the people who raised them. Also, Asian cultures have historically valued age as a source of wisdom (think about the stereotype of the wizened old sensei or monk.) Contrast this with the American perception of the elderly as like big toddlers that are sometimes seen as more of a nuisance or burden than anything else. Now combine these two: cultures with large and close-knit family units and a historical focus on the concept of honor naturally feature a convergence of these two concepts. To many members of these cultures, anything which draws negative attention to themselves (even things which people in the West typically aren't embarrassed about) can be seen as a negative reflection on one's family. If I'm ashamed of [thing], naturally I may fear that others may judge my parents for raising a son that [thing]. If my sister doeshassuffers from [other thing], perhaps I feel my honor has been degraded by my association with her.