Here's a [paper] (URL0) that offers one explanation regarding hair: We conclude that MC1R is under strong functional constraint in Africa, where any diversion from eumelanin production (black pigmentation) appears to be evolutionarily deleterious. The MC1R gene is the only gene we know that sufficiently explains substantial differences in hair color. We know many genes contribute, but this one has been well-studied. According to this paper, different hair colors we see outside of Africa result from a relaxation of mechanisms that keep the gene in a "black pigment" state. tldr: You can think of a gene as a car. It has a gas and brake pedal. Some genetic andor environmental factors may push-down on one or the other. In the case of MC1R, the brake pedal is eased-off in populations outside of Africa.', "Just to bring something new in - Neanderthals bred with the Cro Magnons (what would be, genetically, sub-saharan Africans) that migrated to Europe. We have DNA evidence. We also know some Neanderthals had red hair. Beyond that, there is evolutionary pressure for lighter skin due to the need for SunlightVitamin D. (Inuit populations, with high marine fat diets, and therefore high Vit D intake, maintain a darker complexion.) Beyond that, you also have sex selective pressures, basically meaning we thought it was prettier and the mutation lucked out. So it's a combo of those things. Should also be noted that in addition to Neanderthals, you also had the [Denisovans] (URL1). They interbred as well, seemingly in Asia. You'll see from Wiki they are DNA related to aboriginal Australians a little. The only other group on Earth to have blonde hair develop completely separate from Europeans.," "Try posting this sort of thing to rAskScience instead; you're much more likely to get a legitimate answer over there.,Surprisingly, genetic diversity is greater in Africa than in Europe. People with similar genes may tend to cooperate more easily. This is a very controversial topic known as "Out of Africa" and it tries to explain levels of economic development Source: Currently economic student at St. Olaf college. URL2 Edit:Spelling','European heritage is not a single ethnicity. It is numerous ethnicities, some with greater tendency to display recessive genes such as the gene for blue eyes, or red hair, etc.', "Is this true? People are answering this question as though it were true. Are there large variations in colour in Europeans, or is the variation in colour more noticeable for Europeans? It stands to reason that because the colours are lighter, they reflect more light and so are NOTICEABLY different. Meaning the differences seem large only because you can see the differences. It's hard to tell the difference between colours that are darker since they reflect less light, and thus small variations, like the small variations in colour in europeans, are more difficult to discern. Maybe the real answer is that this question is invalid because the thing it describes is artifactual.,Europe has been the end of the line for many, many northern and western migrations, up from Africa and out from Asia. The observed variety there has got little to do with selection or differentiation that took place there, and far more to do with successive waves of different peoples with variations in phenotype arriving and mixing. (I do not use the term "races" because there's only one race).','There's some confusion going on in this response and almost every other in this thread in regards to sexual selection. I'm a layman, but I'll attempt to clarify. There are two types of selection: sexual and "genetic" (my term) selection. Genetic selection refers to the actual biological process of gene creationformation. If a gene is not well-selected for genetically, say red-hair, it will struggle to survive selection genetically. You know the terms recessive and dominant genes: these apply to genetic selection. Sexual selection simply involves sexual reproduction. Sexual selection occurs primarily through death and the resulting inability to procreate, a potential partner's preference for a certain trait (as many explanations in this thread propose), and I'm sure there are other processes I can't think of right now. For instance, a dominant gene that makes someone very sickly is not going to do well in terms of sexual selection, even though it may do very well genetically. Take the example of red-hair again, it allows for fantastic vitamin-D absorption in much-less-sunny-than-Africa Europe, hence, early possessor's of red hair in Europe were healthier and lived longer than those with some other hair colors (of course, this isn't the hair allowing for this, but associated phenotypes). So it is not necessarily the case that any individual man or woman had a preference for red or blond or fair hair, it just happened that these individuals were able to reproduce at greater rates because they were healthier. These genes expanded in the population despite being genetically recessive. Thus, there is no need to ask why "menwomen found this trait attractive," they didn't have to, they simply had to mate with those who were most successful in terms of healthlifespan. This is not to say that finding these traits particularly attractive and increased their prevalence too, but it isn't a needed explanation. Edit: Formatting', "because celts, mongols, huns, turks, slavs, goths, greeks, north africans, persians, arabs, hebrews, romani, vikings, egyptians, moors, carthaginians etc etc. long story short. a lot of peoples have gone through europe and the surrounding areas and they've all had a long long time to mix in together.," "There are a number of other populations in the world with a lot haireye color variation that came about through different genetic mutations: the Ainu, Australian aboriginals, the Hmong, the Solomon Islanders. Central Asia too, but I don't know if that's European genes or not. So the answer to your question might be anthropological as well as genetici.e., why were Northern Europeans more successful at breeding a large population than other peoples with light haireyes? Probably a combination of factors: less competition, larger geographic area, relative advantages of light haireye genes in a cold climate, significant technological advantage at some point in history.,Blue eyes and blond hair, (platinum blonde), and red hair are genetic mutations that occurred in Europe. Sexual selection of people with those mutations caused there to be more and more of them. Some Pacific Islanders also have natural blonde hair which also was the result of a separate genetic mutation.','Sexual selection theory: Europe was a cold place, with little edible plant matter, so hunting was comparatively much more important. Hunters were overwhelmingly male, partially because they're better at it, and partially because male loss wouldn't endanger reproductive capacity. So more males died, making the male female ratio lower. Females couldn't survive easily, making their demand for males even greater. Males essentially had their pick of the litter, and they chose women with lighter pigmented eyes. What I don't understand about this theory is why something similar didn't happen in east Asia. However, I've heard that light eyes do occur in some east Asian and American ethnicities (Inuit, Siberians, Mongolians). It could be a case of "incomplete" evolution. Additionally, it's also possible that some genetic quirk made it far more unlikely for the light eye mutation to occur among non-Caucasian peoples.', "Part of it is due to the fact that Europe basically acted as the catcher's mitt during the Great Migration, where lots of Asian and Eurasian people moved west into Europe during the later stages of the Roman Empire and shortly thereafter. This helped boost the diversity in European traits,No survival pressure to keep it dark for the African sun. More mutations change from negative to neutral.','Because this is what the actual diversity is about. Nice of you using "variation" instead.