No, we don't get money for doing so. If we were paid it would tarnish the process. It works like this: you arrive at work and get per email a request to review a paper (title, authors, abstract). You can accept or decline. If you have lots of things to do, you decline. If you don't, you accept because at some point you'll be on the other end and would love that someone takes their time to review your research. So, click on accept. You get access to the full text of the paper and start the review process. First is "quick review": is it well written, is it interesting, is it new, is it worthy of publication, is it appropriate for this particular journal. Then, detailed review: here you thoroughly go through the paper, all experiments, quality of data, reasons behind this or that, questions, request other diagrams, etc. You might or might not do both reviews (depending on the journal). At any time you can suggest other reviewer if they are better experts in the field, if you have a conflict of interest, if you suddenly don't have time anymore. You never review a paper if you are not an expert in that field. After submitting your review, the editor (another scientist) sees if it makes sense or not, accepts it, the authors get your report. Now they have time (a few weeks) to address your concerns and rewrite the necessary parts. The resubmitted paper might land in your hands again or not, depending on the journal. Further reviews might be written or not. Paper might go back and forth between reviewers and authors a couple of times until everyone is happy. After all parties agree, the journal publishes the paper. As an author: you submit the paper to a journal. An editor must be found first. They decide if it's good enough for the journal and so the peer-review starts. First the editor finds two or three reviewers. One day (usually on the deadline) you get their review reports and address them. Re-write the parts that are not clear. Answer questions. Re-submit. You never know who the reviewers are (they know who you are) unless they disclose themselves, which doesn't happen too often and if it does it's usually at a conference: oh! I reviewed your paper! The reviewers don't know either who the other reviewers of the paper are.