My fiance worked in a peanut shelling plant for years and it basically boils down to them wanting to get equal profits from shelled vs. unshelled. Once the peanuts are shelled, they're graded and sold for different prices. There's splits, jumbos, mediums, 1s, etc. I forget all the names, but there's a few more. Even the hulls and 1416s (aka the smallest bits that fall through the sorting screens) can be sold for things like livestock feed and some other random things. So basically, if they break the peanuts up and grade them, they can potentially make a lot more money sending them off to different places. If they get sold whole, then they have to set a price that will somewhat match up with what they would be worth sorted and graded. To add, peanut shelling plants really aren't that different from the plants that sort whole peanuts. They all go through similar sorting machines to grade them by sizeweightcoloretc. The main difference is that a shelling plant has to send the nuts through the sheller bars (which is what shells them). So there's really not that much more labor involved between the two. NOTE: This is a very rough transcript of how my fiance explained it to me, as I asked him about it before. Also a friendly note that if you ate anything from Mars that included peanuts in the past few years, he probably touched them.," "3 things come to mind: economy of scale, where it's cheaper to process the nuts than it is to quality control the shells 2- as said, shells may have a use elsewhere, and could make shelling them worthwhile 3- container sizes: 200gm of unshelled peanuts probably takes up quite a lot less space than 200g of shelled peanuts, lowering the cost of logistics and storage.,Could be a matter of scale volume. I would imagine nearly all of the peanuts consumed are shelled to be eaten or made into peanut butter. Shelled peanuts are sold in comparatively much smaller volume. When you produce something in very large quantities, you are able to take advantage of "economies of scale" that drive the price way down. This is in part because your fixed costs (e.g. Production equipment) are spread out over much more output.', "The ones you buy shelled are taken from peanuts unfit to be sold with the shell on. Think damaged, discolored or otherwise just not great looking peanut shells. Same idea with baby carrots. They're cut from larger carrots that are discolored, misshapen etc.,Why is unshelled the word that means "has a shell," and shelled the word for "without a shell" shouldn't it be the other way around? Or perhaps "shelled" and "deshelled"?','However, peanuts inside the shells are pure peanuts, and have not been handled, or licked by rats.','Maybe the majority of the peanut usage goes to shelled peanuts and their products leaving a lesser amount to be sold unshelled, making them more expensive. Idk, just a guess.', "I'm really confused, in your example the shelled peanuts are almost half the price of unshelled ones, in direct contrast to the title...