Both ferns and ice crystals grow as [fractals] (URL0). The idea is that if you're scaling something (adding a leaf to a fern, expanding an ice crystal), you're always following roughly the same rules: "What's easy to get to from here?" and "How far away do I need to be from the last thing before I add a new thing?" and "Which way is the sun?," for example. If you apply the same rule each step, you'll get recognizable patterns throughout each level of the thing you're looking at. If the rules are similar enough to each other, the end results will look similar (like lightning and rivers). Dust on your window might form in fractal patterns because the tiny static particles are following specific rules of sticking to certain surfaces and avoiding others. Rivers might spread in fractal patterns because the soil has a specific tendency to erode into forming one big river up until a certain point, when you'll see a fork split. Again, the reason for the rules might change, but they lead to common rules about splitting off vs. making something bigger, usually based on distance and rotation.', "Among living things, fractal geometry significantly increases surface area, which is important any time an organism needs to collect or exchange very small things, like photons or gas particles. As these branching structures emerged, the organisms that embodied them had a competitive advantage over rivals that didn't exhibit this trait. Moreover, structures grow at a cellular level, and small structures require less resources to produce than large ones, but these small structures can grow, work in aggregate, or both to support larger structures. Thus, a sequoia seed can germinate with sufficient resources to yield a seedling, but it would be impossible for that seed to embody the energy and resources to suddenly sprout a giant sequoia. The seedling applied the branching strategy and thereby accumulates the resources to grow. Branching also provides insurance against injury, predation, parasites, etc. If the seedling starts with two leaves, gets trampled and loses one, it's still a viable organism. In hydrology, branching works in reverse (except when it doesn't). We'll start with the reverse: Water collects in a small depression, and starts to flow downhill. Eventually, it encounters water from elsewhere also running downhill. This combined water has more energy and mass and can displace more soil, and eventually join other channels. The river is the combination of the endless tiny movements of water uphill. The river's delta, however, reverses this in a sense. As the water loses energy, it becomes less able to displace sediments, and channels get smaller, dropping sediment that variously impedes the flow of water; it creates obstructions that water behind it can't move, and must flow around.," "I don't have enough knowledge in the subject to answer your question, but you should look into fractals and the fibonnaci sequence. Might point you in the right direction.,Surface area is a major factor in the form of organic things like plants, trees, ice crystals, lightning strikes, etc. The familiar branching pattern you see is slightly altered depending on the medium something is traveling through (water, air, dirt) but is much more effective at spreading force, soaking up nutrients, or whatever in that type of formation than, say, one long string or a disc like shape. Additionally, things that grow (live organisms) as well as minerals and Lichtenstein figures (lightning branching patterns) are interactions involving a few key organic molecules. Atoms can only attach to each other at certain angles, and this probably affects the way organic molecules both grow themselves as well as how energy moves around them.', "My experience with psychedelics has shown me what the universe is truly created by. It has shown that mathematics and geometry build the universe and it's extremely cool to see this visually. A feeling that cannot be explained in words. Feeling and seeing a fractal happen in nature is stunning.:)