Here] (URL1) is an example of United Airlines [Contract of Carriage] (URL0) It has sections in it that answer most of your questions - e.g.: All of UA's flights are subject to overbooking which could result in UA's inability to provide previously confirmed reserved space for a given flight or for the class of service reserved. In that event, UA's obligation to the Passenger is governed by Rule 25 (DENIED BOARDING COMPENSATION) Most Airlines probably have similar terms in their contract. When you purchase a ticket, you basically agree to these terms. If you feel that the Airline did not uphold their end of the contract, you always have the option of suing for breach of contract. So they offered THIS seat on THIS plane departing at THIS time for THIS much money...it was very specific. But see in the contract: Seat assignments, regardless of class of service, are not guaranteed and are subject to change without notice. UA reserves the right to reseat a Passenger for any reason, including from an Economy Plus seat for which the applicable fee has been paid. and also: Schedules are Subject To Change Without Notice - Times shown on ticket, timetable or elsewhere are not guaranteed and form no part of this contract. UA will promptly provide Passengers the best available information regarding known delays, cancellations, misconnections and diversions, but UA is not liable for any misstatements or other errors or omissions in connection with providing such information. No employee, agent or representative of UA can bind UA legally by reason of any statements relating to flight status or other information. Except to the extent provided in this Rule, UA shall not be liable for failing to operate any flight according to schedule, or for any change in flight schedule, with or without notice to the passenger.', "They are allowed to overbook because it's their company and by buying a ticket through them, you agree to their terms and conditions. However, airline companies have done studies on customers and they found that a certain percentage of customers will cancel or not show up for their flights, so in order to maximize the profit from that flight, they overbook in an attempt to fill up the entire plane to compensate for the people that don't show up or cancel.," "Many airlines have to over-book to make up for last minute cancellations. only around 2 of the time does EVERYONE show up, thus, it's almost NEVER a problem.