Humans are social creatures. We live and work and play with each other. We need rules that protect everybody from everybody else. These rules are sometimes called laws or ethics. When you talk about the collective rules of a society and of personal interaction, you are talking about ethics.', "Ethics are a set of guidelines that are derived from single or multiple moral philosophies. Mostly, because it's derived from moral philosophies, it is meant to understand the relationship between good and evil, right and wrong. Some principles of ethics include; Aristotle's Golden Mean Kant's Categorical Imperative Judeo-Christian philosophy relating to the Agape Principle Using these principles, or others gathered, in my communication ethics class we used a [potterbox] (URL0) as a model for making an ethical decision. In the first box, you list the facts and definition at hand with the goal of displaying only facts without bias or misrepresentation. In the second box you referencing the values in question and understanding how they come into play in a specific ethical situation. In the third box, you use principles (like Aristotle's Golden Mean) as models of ethical reasoning that may apply to the situation at hand. In the final box, the decision makers loyalties come into play. The decision maker must identify hisher allegiances and weight the actionsreactions that will occur with each possible ethical decision. This is just the tip of the ice-burg in terms of ethics, however. Ethics is a broad term for many different philosophies, beliefs, methodologies and opinions.,The short answer is evolution. This, however, raises the question "why was having ethics a reproductive advantage?" I'll do my best to give my understanding of this at the simplest level I can: In the ancestral environment, people had the choice of behaving 'nice' and working together with the rest of their tribe, or behaving 'naughty' and working for their own self alone. People in the tribe who play nice don't let people they know to play naughty to play with them. This means that people with a reputation of playing naughty don't get to have children since the nice people won't let them. This is, essentially, why most people are nice - because more nice people had nice children than naughty people had naughty children. Now, this only explains why people who get caught being naughty don't reproduce well. How do we explain why people who play naughty when they think they can get away with playing naughty don't reproduce well? The answer is simple: they were wrong about getting away with it. At least enough times that "play nice, even when you think you can get away with playing naughty" is the dominate trait. The feeling of "it's wrong to steal this, even though I think I can get away with it" is how the evolutionary strategy of "I should play nice, even when I think I could get away with playing naughty" is implemented. I hope I'm making at least a little sense with this. It's not exactly standard thinking. I'm paraphrasing an idea I heard somewhere in [here] (URL1), but I can't remember exactly where it was.','Ethics come from impulses to harmonize oneself within cooperative social environments. We don't normally kill people who are temporary blocking our walking path in order speed up our walking because we acknowledge some level of value in others. This is hardwired as empathy in our brains. Because humans are mentally sophisticated we have elaborated on this and created abstract rules like a sense of fairness. We don't steal from other people, and we allow others to exist in conditions that we feel we want to live in ourselves. Our brains are highly wired to our emotions to ensure we support these ideas by how we feel about them. However, in societies where not everyone follows the rules we make larger social agreements about these rules in explicit articulations of them, such as laws, or sayings "do unto others and you would have others do unto you." These rules, essentially, constitute what are ethics. There are, by now, dozens of video recordings of orangutans, gorillas and chimpanzees engaging in a very empathetic behaviors mourning the dead] (URL4), more [mourning the dead] (URL4), [respect for the dead] (URL5), [saving a duck from drowning] (URL5. Its fairly clear that pure empathy and sense of fair play is not a human-specific behavior. But these are our closes animal relatives, so we can be sure that we inherited our core sense of ethics from our common ancestors with them.', "A long time ago some people lived in tribes and some other people did their own thing. For the tribe people, generally everyone did better when they worked together, did things for the good of everyone, or when they did good things to others. The non tribe people died out but the tribe people kept on. And we have kept their rules of being good and treating other's fairly with us, in one form or another.,I think that the best explanation comes from a book titled "Beyond Bumper Sticker Ethics" which takes a single phrase that would explain each ethical system and its origin. For instance: Kantianism - It's your duty Utilitarianism - the greatest good for the greatest number and so on.