The same way you decide if you like or hate something: It's how you feel about it. Your concept of what you feel is right or wrong is largely determined by your upbringing, what others have told you and what your society has taught you; if you are religious, you will also be strongly influenced by what your holy texts explicitly tell you is right or wrong. Ultimately however what you determine is right and wrong is controlled by your own personal feelings. If the idea makes you feel bad, you will find it wrong.," "I have wrestled with this. My simple conclusion, is if it hurts someone, it is wrong. If I promised something and don't follow through, it's wrong. If keep my word, it is right. If I make sure my actions are not detrimental to others, it is right. Not every decision is back and white. Some decisions will hurt someone no matter what decision is made. Sometimes it is weighing consequences and outcomes.,One question: would I like it if it was done to me?', "As everyone pretty much says, it's how you feel about something. Personal feelings are a product of genetics, social influences and culturalreligious background. I like to think about this a lot, because we as a society like to differentiate right from wrong so much that when we feel a certain way about something we completely seem to forget that those feelings are simply that - feelings. Think about something specific that you 100 believe is right and there will be a way to twist it to turn it bad. Which brings me to my second point. Context. It's much easier to decide when something is right or wrong when given context. Is it wrong to hurt somebody? Of course! Is it wrong to hurt the person who is about to kill your wife and children (sorry for the dramatic example)? It suddenly becomes ok to hurt someone now. There is no'one rule fits all'.," "Not an explanation but just an interesting comment about this (I think). I was once talking religion with one of my friends who happens to be Muslim, and I personally don't believe in a God that affects your day to day life. Something might have started everything in the world called God, but I'm not sure that I believe he is watching over me. We were talking about all the different beliefs in the world. Regardless my Muslim friend asked how I knew right from wrong because I didn't follow the Quran or Bible. I said that I don't think you have to be told what's right and what's wrong usually, you should know. So that's a differing of opinion of how you learn right from wrong right there.