1) College was cheaper, even adjusted for inflation. A part time job was enough to finance a modest education at a state university. 2) A lot of people didn't go to college. While it was seen as important, it was also understood that a fair number of people wouldn't be able to go, as loans weren't as available.,When I was in college after about the 15th time of my father telling me how he used to work summers and save all his money (literally every penny according to him) to pay his room, board and tuition. After harping on me one day about never saving any of my money. I said, dad I'd like to do what you did, show me how you did it. He made if I remember correctly 4.50 an hour building bridges and tuition was about 2,000 a year. That means with a 40 hour week for the course of 12 weeks he would earn 2,160 and pay his years tuition, room and board in cash at the end of the summer for the upcoming year. So I said to him, "Ok, now show me how I can do that." My tuition at the time was 15,000 per year. I made him do the math and he discovered I'd have to make 31.25 an hour, or as I pointed out to him.... at the 10hour wage I had at the time I could work 125 hours a week for 12 weeks and do just what he did.... provided I didn't have to pay taxes on any of it. Then we did another fun little exercise where I showed him if I saved up all my earnings after taxes from the summer I could purchase all the books I needed for the year with enough left over to buy myself a lunch, provided I ate cheap. tldr: People made a lot more, college cost a LOT less.', "University was much cheaper. The national average for tuition, room, and board for an undergraduate was 2275 (for all institutions) and only 1210 for those attending in state or public institutions (this doesn't include room and board). Those are 1976 numbers. Minimum wage was 2.10 at the time. So a student with a part time, minimum wage job could theoretically pay for the whole thing. A student living at home and attending an in state school could probably do it with just a summer job.,My grandfather raised 4 kids, worked, purchased a home, had a stay at home wife, and went to school all at the same time. How? His parents helped him a lot. In some cases that is not an option for many young people these days. In his day those people did not go to collage, they got jobs at the local factory, farm, or mine. Those people now take out loans. Jobs paid more. While he may have made 1 an hour working at the Coca-Cola bottling plant compared to todays 10 an hour working at McDonalds, his 1 had more purchasing power. School was much cheaper. The price of school has gone up a lot for many reasons. One being that all those factory workers now taking out loans for school has created increased demand. When demand goes up so does the cost. He got a "4 year degree" over 8 years. This is important. He did not rush through. He had less stuff to buy. He did not have a cell phone (plus 4 for each kid), a laptop, a desktop, a new car (he also knew how to fix the car he had instead of a mechanic), an IPOD, and so on.','I went to college 40 years ago, a nice little private school. The tuition was 1500 a year, and the room and board was fairly cheap. Working summers, part-time during school, a small scholarship, and a student loan made it pretty easy. Now that same school is over 50,000 a year, including over 40K in tuition. No way I could I afford to go there. I was able to send my daughter ten years ago, but only because she was super smart and won every scholarship possible.','To address the implied question "why is college more expensive" I have an opinion. There's too much easy money available for it. Grants, scholarships and subsidized loans mean that even poor students can afford expensive tuition.... so tuition is expensive. Subsidies (of the type where consumers are being given the means to pay for things) cause prices to rise. Look at it this way.... you ask how people paid for college in the past but the truth is, people still manage to pay for college today. We bitch and moan about the number on the tuition bill and "oh god, student debt!" but the truth is, the world is providing people ways to keep on doing it in vast numbers.', "For the same reason new graduates are struggling to make a living, buy cars, homes, and start families. Everything is just so much more expensive and wages have not kept up. My college professor even explained to us how much he made right out of college, how he was able to buy a house almost right away, and a new car. Today you just can't do it. If that man graduated today with the same degree, there is no way he would be buying a house or a car. I'm making a living, he was borderline rich based off of how much things cost and what he was making.,When I was in school, my parents payed tuition and I covered most of my living expenses with a part time job. Back then the minimum wage went a lot farther, school costs were much lower and my parents had a meaningful retirement plan with where my dad worked so they could afford it. Then Reagan and the 80s happened...