The sound of an exhaust is a very complex sound. Basically, there are explosions going on inside the motor. This is the genesis of the sound you hear. However, different motors make different explosions. A V8 makes more explosions than an inline 4. A large motor makes deeper sounds than a small one. Now, we have to start combining those sounds. Firing order is a term used to state when each cylinder inside the motor fires off. A [Chevrolet motor] (URL0) has different firing orders than a [Ford one] (URL7) and this makes them sound very different even though they're both V8 engines of similar size. Ferraris tend to have flat plane cranks as opposed to the cross plane crank of American motors, which rev higher and have yet another firing order that [contributes to it's "exotic" sound] (URL6). But that's not all. The new Ford Mustang GT350R sounds very different from a Ferrari even though it too has a flat plane crank. [In this clip, you can hear how it sounds deeper and heavier than the Ferrari] (URL2), which is because it's a much larger displacement engine it can't rev as fast and the explosions are bigger. Also, the firing order again is closer to the regular Mustang than to the Ferrari, which contributes to a different sound. Now, you can start talking about how these sounds combine once they come out of the engine. Depending on how many cylinders the motor has and how they're arranged, the gaps between firing at the exhaust tip can be very different. This is why an [inline-6 motor like a Jeep] (URL5) sounds very different than a [boxer-style motor like a 911] (URL1), despite having similar sized engines and the same number of cylinders. It's also why [a V12 sounds] (URL8) very different [from a V8] (URL8) even when it's the same car from the same manufacturer. Now, that just gets you the basic harmonic sound of the motor. The way your exhaust is designed and what you have in it can also change the sound, sometimes dramatically. This is why some people will modify their exhaust systems. By making the mufflers less restrictive, you can increase the loudness of the system, and by changing their shape and with resonators, you can make the sound more bassy or more sharp. Here's an example of different exhausts [on a BMW] (URL3) and here's one on a [Mustang] (URL4). Sometimes that change is subtle and sometimes it's dramatic, but you can never make a Mustang sound like a Corvette or a four cylinder sound like a V12. There can often be subtler mechanical noises noticed up close too. You might hear a turbo spool up or a supercharger whine or you might hear the difference between a motor with a timing chain and one with a timing belt.','It is the sound of the exhaust from the engine burning the air fuel mixture in the cylinders. Most of todays performance cars have tuned exhaust to make a certain sound such as a deep roar or rumble. If you hear a classic performance car the sound of the exhaust is much more raw and dirty compared to todays tuned exhausts. Some manufacturers go so far as to drop a tiny bit of fuel in the exhaust which burns to give it that extra performance sound.