It's a really good middle ground between having enough beats to explore the chord you're on on the progression while also being a small enough number that our brains can easily keep track of it. It's also really nice because it has clear subdivisions they are also small and convenient to use. The problem with five is that it's a bit long, so our brains don't keep track quite as well with where we are, especially given the way that we use "down-beats" in music. We alternate between "down-beats" and the "back-beat" as a way of providing a sort of constant in the music to keep us grounded. This is the alternating between the deep bass drum and the snare in most rock. In 44, the length of time between the down and up beats will be constant (unless you're fiddling around with the meter), which helps keep the music grounded. In 34 or 54, there's no way to, within a single measure, have an amount of time between down and up beats that is equal. Think of a waltz, which would be in 34, and how it has a down-up-up feel that gives it a nice airiness.','Mostly cultural conditioning. In the west, we prefer 44 - and most pop music is written this way. But if you asked someone in another country or time period - a lot of music could written in 3's - which is a waltz. A lot of music is also 88 or 68 and although this is all divisible, it's mostly just a different way of writing and counting within a measure. There are plenty of songs written in 54 - like "15 Step" by Radiohead and 74 like "Money" by Pink Floyd. Anything not a 2, 3 or 4 (and isn't divisible by them) is generally considered an abstract time signature and are naturally harder to follow. They're not as good for dancing. As an FYI, BPM is beats per minute, not beats per measure, and refers to the speed of the song rather than it's time signature.', "so I think 44 is pleasing to the ears and is a very simple time signature which the listener doesn't have to apply math to decipher. That's why it's the most common time signature. Its very easy to dance to as well. Even musically challenged people can easily follow 44.BTW 68 is very common in popular Indian music.