Imagine I tell you I'm about to get a great new job, and if you loan me some money, I'll totally be able to pay you back, and then some. It's a pretty sweet job, so you say why not. I start living large, nice house, fancy cars, so that job must be working out. I am making payment, with interest, but I am also asking for more loans. I show you spreadsheets that prove my finances are doing just fine, and am offering to pay interest, so you keep loaning me money. Fast forward several years. I've keep on living large, but I owe you a lot of money, more than you think I can pay back. On paper, it is a good investment because of the interest, but you are starting to get suspicious. You snoop around, and find out I completely lied to get the job, wasn't doing very well at it, and those spreadsheets I showed you were completely made up. I am a complete fraud, living a lie so you would loan me the money that supported my opulent lifestyle. So what do you do? You could cut me off. I'd lose my house and car, probably my job, and you would be out a lot of money. Or you could keep loaning me some money, on the condition I cut back, get my act together and get into a position where I can pay you back. You might even forgive part of the debt in the hope I pay the rest back. The problem is, I really like my house and car, and don't want to move into an apartment and ride the bus. I drag my feet, throw tantrums, call you a bully, and come up with wild, unworkable alternatives every time you try to get me to cut back. Every month, when the bills come due, I threaten to just not pay anyone and become homeless, if you don't do things my way. You are pretty fed up with me, and figure that's how things are going to end up no matter what, so why throw good money after bad? That is pretty much where Greece and the EU stand today., Greece borrowed more than the country could repay Greece maintains uncompetitive regulatory structures and unaffordable public spending plans. From the Economist magazine "structural impediments to growth - rampant clientelism, hopeless public administration, comically bad regulations, a lethargic and unreliable justice system, nationalised assets and oligopolies, and inflexible markets for goods and services and labour." The Greek voters desire to stay in the Euro, increase public spending, maintain low taxes, and not reform the economy. Difficult situation for the elected leaders.