One legal answer among many: The Constitution only empowers to federal government to act in specific ways. Any power the federal government is not specifically granted by the constitution is delegated to the states. A national gun license is not one of those powers, so the federal government cannot create one. There exist various legal loopholes the federal government has used to expand its powers beyond what you would expect, but that is an altogether different discussion. The political answer is: The NRA is a very powerful and wealthy lobby, and it is opposed to any increase in restrictions on gun ownership. Especially the idea of a national gun license. The Ideological answer is: If you have a national license, you now have a national registration. If you have a national registration, you now know exactly whose doors to break down in the event the government wants to confiscate all the guns in the nation. While no-one believes it is possible for the current government to do this, they are afraid of what might happen 10, 20, or 50 years down the line, in a vastly different political climate. It was only a about 70 years ago that we were locking up people of Japanese ancestry en masse, for example.', "First off, the whole point of America is that the federal government doesn't make laws about everything. States can choose to do things differently. Second, why should we have a gun license in the first place? Finally, the 2nd Amendment forbids laws (especially federal) for gun control.,The 2nd amendment gives the right to bear arms.', "The conservative side that is generally pro gun is also anti government control. The argument against is that making any form of nation gun registry would allow the government to more easily regulate guns. I'm a liberal and a gun supporter so I don't think that the government tracking is a bad thing, but it doesn't take too much of a stretch to imagine it getting out of hand.," "Because I don't want such a law licensing ownership of firearms, and I don't vote for representative who would vote to pass such a law. Since there is a plurality of people such as myself who vote similar to myself, it's unlikely that such national legislation licensing firearms will be passed. However, there is a Federal license to manufacture or deal in firearms.