Because it's a big country and'laying cable for internet' isn't a sexy enough infrastructure project to justify the effortcost for politicians seeking reelection.," "One of the biggest factors is population density. If you look at Japan or Korea, they have tons and tons of people in a very small area. That means that it's easy to lay out some super-high-quality fibre-optic cable and connect millions of people to it and installing underground cables and equipment is expensive, so that's important. Then look at Australia. Australia is enormous (the size of the continental US if you chop Florida off), but has only 22 million people. The people, even in urban areas, tend to be much more spread out than people in other countries, which means that laying down 1 square mile of cable and equipment will get you fewer customers, meaning less profit, and less incentive to put high-quality equipment everywhere. Here are some fun population density statistics for first-world nations. Singapore: 19,544 people per square mile Hong Kong: 16,876 people per square mile Netherlands: 1,287 people per square mile South Korea: 1,303 people per square mile Japan: 873 people per square mile United States Alaska): 104 people per square mile Australia: 8 people per square mile Assume that there are 2.5 people per home, and that every home is willing to pay for a 50month internet connection. The Australian internet company will then get 128month revenue per square mile it services, and the American will get 1,664, while a Dutch company will get 20,592. If it costs 200,000 to install a high-speed internet network over 1 square mile that will win you lots of customers, then the Dutch company will leap at the opportunity, because it would only take a year for that to pay for itself, and then the company would come out really popular. It would take the American company 10 years, and the Australian company more than a century, so they wouldn't do it. In Australia, the government has said that this represents a major problem that would handicap Australia and which has no market solution, so they've started a public works program to install fibre-optic cable around every city and populated area. In America, however, there has been strong opposition to this idea, and the connections are generally considered acceptable, if not competitive globally. (Australia, New Zealand, and other geographically-isolated nations also suffer because their connections need to be piped through massive undersea cables connecting the nation to others, which isn't as necessary within Europe, Asia or the Americas).