Lobbying campaign donations Lobbying is legal because the First Amendment to the U.S. Constitution requires that it be legal. "Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances." Petition is an old-fashioned word for lobbying.', "Lobbying is when someone tries to changeencourage a politican's vote on an issue. Everybody has the right to talk to their congressman. Saying somebody can't would be discriminatory, while saying everybody can't would probably be something similar to a totalitarian society. So why do corporations get to lobby? Businesses are effected by the laws passed by Congress, such as adjusting their taxation rates and regulating the industries they are in, and should have the right to let their opinions be heard on the matters. Lobbying is NOT giving out campaing donations for votes on an issue; that is a different matter. Lobbying is your right to talk to your politician.,In the simplest terms, lobbying is giving money to the campaign funds of a politician. That money is given on the expectation that the politician who's campaign receives it understands the view of the grouporganization that gave them the money. Now the thing to remember is that there is a fine line between bribery and lobbying. If I said to you (a senator) that I would give you 1,000 in cash if you vote for bill A, and you vote for it, that is bribery and is a crime. If I came up to you and said "hey Senator, I'm with energy company and I want to tell you that we should expand energy drilling in Alaska; oh by the way I'm donating 1,000 to your re-election campaign. Hopefully we can be "friends" and I can continue to support your campaign." That is completely legal and regulated by a bunch of laws and recent court decisions. The line is very narrow, but it does exist.','As others have noted, the constitution protects free speech. Although the constitution was written in a different era it should be considered a "living" document, modified or interpreted in a manner that adapts to a changing world. In this case, evolutionary processes have resulted in corporations becoming people and money becoming speech. The constitution now protects the interests of these higher corporate life forms. The lesser, individual humans experience a concomitant demotion, as nature intended, and become chattel. That's okay since their welfare is regulated by the corporation just as farm animals' welfare is regulated by a farmer. Yeah, some days I can be a little pessimistic. Back to the feed lot!', "It's legal because it is protected as free speech.