Irony is a part of satire, so we'll start with irony. There are a couple forms of irony: Dramatic irony is a situation in which the audience knows something that a character does not. (Juliet isn't really dead. Romeo doesn't know that.) This is typically used to add to the tension of a situation. Classical irony is the triumph of wit over hubris. We don't typically associate this with irony anymore, but any sort of parlor scene from a detective story is a good example. Verbal irony is sarcasm and is mostly performative in nature. An intended meaning is dramatically different from an expressed meaning. This is typically indicated by tone, gesture, and circumstance. Paralipsis (talking about something by saying you're not talking about it) is the easiest method of verbal irony to translate from performance to written word. Situational or cosmic irony is when the outcome of a series of events is different from the expected outcome. For instance, in The Wizard of Oz all three of Dorothy's companions are questing for a character trait they felt they lacked and hoped to receive from the allegedly god-like Oz, who in fact lacks the traits the companions sought and would be unable to grant those traits even if he had them himself because is revealed to be a mere mortal. Had Oz been a god, he would still have been unable to grant these gifts, but the situational would have been elevated to the cosmic. Now satire uses these forms of irony, a context of entertainment and lightheartedness, and a tendency towards absurdity, to make the serious (Bill O'Reilly, colonial attitudes of British landlords to suffering during the Potato Famine) seem silly. (Stephen Colbert, a solution that involved raising Irish children as a food resource for the wealthy points out that the population of a colony is, in fact, a valuable resource regardless of their caloric value.)," "Satire is a form of social criticism that uses humor to exaggerate some aspect of society you wish to criticize. In A Modest Proposal, Jonathan Swift famously criticizes British indifference to the poverty and famine in Ireland by proposing the Irish raise money by selling their children to the rich to eat. By structuring it as the sort of policy suggestion a British politician favoring wealthy British landlords might make, he highlighted the callousness, cruelty, and ineffectiveness of British policy in Ireland. There are a number of forms of irony. Verbal irony is when what you say is different from what you mean. Sarcasm is either the lowest form of verbal irony or falls just short of it, depending who you ask. Dramatic irony is when the audience knows something the characters do not, creating suspense. Horror films often employ it, like when the young couple sneaks out into the woods where we know the serial killer is lurking. Situational irony is a coincidence accompanied by a sudden reversal. In O. Henry's The Gift of the Magi, a poor man sells his heirloom pocket watch to buy his wife a fine set of combs for her beautiful long hair. At the same time, she cuts off her hair and sells it to buy a platinum chain for her husband's watch. The coincidence is they both made great sacrifices to buy gifts at the same time, the reversal is both gifts are now useless. Irony is often negative, but in this case is it positive, as it underlines the couple's love for one another.,Satire - Exaggeration or using a material in a usually comical way to mock it Irony - Best example is when a man who advocates for more people to take buses gets hit by a bus','Irony: When Alanis Morissette writes a song called "Ironic" that she thinks contains examples of irony, instead they are all just examples of 'bad luck,' thus she unintentionally writes a song that's ironic.