The word "metal" can mean a variety of things. Let's start with the Chemistry definition, please bear with me as I give a little background here so nobody ends up (too) confused. In High School you probably learned that there are two types of bonding: Covalent and Ionic. Ionic bonds are when the atoms act like magnets. One is positively charged and the other is negative and they attract each other strongly enough to be stuck together into a new material. (An example of this is Table Salt. The positively charged Na attracts the negatively charged Cl-.) A Covalent bond is when two atoms share a pair of electrons between them. Most materials you know of probably fit into this category better (like ethanol, [CH3CH2OH] (URL0), where the C's, H's, and O all share electrons with the atoms they're attached to.) Now that that's out of the way, there's actually a third big category of bonding: Metallic. This is what defines a metal in chemistry terms. They're similar to Covalent bonds, but also very different. In a Covalent bond, an atom only directly shares electrons with the atoms next to it. In our example earlier, that first C only shares electrons with the three H's next to it and the other C, and the O only shares electrons with the H and C that it's attached to. In a Metallic bond, the electrons are still shared, but they're considered to be shared between all atoms in the material. You can think of it like all the electrons in a chunk of metal just floating around randomly through the entire chunk, and not necessarily attached to any specific atom or pair of atoms. This is what gives metals their trademark conductivity, malleability, and believe it or not their shine too. That's how chemists decide what elements are the color green on the periodic table I linked earlier. (TL;DR:) To a chemist, anything that can undergo metallic bonding is a metal. I mentioned at the start that there are a variety of other definitions, I'll briefly mention one here. Astrophysicists consider anything that's not Hydrogen or Helium to be a metal due to how they react and are used in stars. "Losing electrons easily" isn't really a good way to divide up elements, because it's all very relative. And you're right, the elements on the far sides of the periodic table do react very easily. To get a little more advanced, in Chemistry the term electronegativity helpful chart here] (URL1 is used as the measure of how easily an element will lose electrons. You'll notice that even Krypton and Xenon have electronegativity values on that chart despite being noble gasses. So even the elements best known for not reacting will losegainshare electrons under the right circumstances.','The elements on the far right don't lose electrons easily, they gain electrons easily. In fact its incredibly hard to make them lose electrons.