Because your doctor doesn't want to keep every medication in stock. My doctor's office is smaller than most pharmacies, so they would need a larger office to offer the same services. Also, for most medications, you don't have to go to the doctor repeatedly (refills). It would be a waste of money and time to have to see the doctor every time you needed a refill. tldr: convenience for the doctors and patients. Makes more sense to have 5 pharmacies that handle the patients from 100 doctors than to spread the medicine out among the 100 doctors.," "This is often possible, but there are some possible issues: Pharmacists aren't just glorified cashiers. They are highly trained professionals, and are well-versed in the effects of different medication and in standard practices involving it. They provide a sanity check on prescriptions; a doctor might make a mistake, which a pharmacist can catch and call the doctor to make sure he meant what he wrote. Pharmacists have a lot of administrative duties around controlled substances; this is something doctors don't necessarily want to get involved in. It's much easier to separate the duties of a doctor's office and a pharmacy, while ensuring that the requirements of the pharmacy aren't overlooked by a doctor whose main focus is elsewhere. There can be something of a conflict of interest if a doctor can prescribe medicine and then directly profits off the sale of that same medicine.,Being a pharmacist is a specialist job in itself. Expecting a doctor to know all that as well is just more than you could reasonable ask. Besides, their time probably costs more than a pharmacist.','A pharmacist has a doctorate degree in studying the chemistry of medications, how they interact with each other, and how they interact with your biology. They are a specialist just as much as your heart surgeon or eye doctor is. It is also a matter of space allocation and management. It takes a lot of space to run a properly stocked pharmacy designed for public use and it is better to have it separate from a general doctors office so that the doctor has the space to treat more patients.','they can, some states require an additional license, but it is generally permitted without too much extra work. They might not because they dont want to be bothered with it. Margins arent worth their time for the low volume and high investment of inventory.