I believe the execution can be halted right up to the'push' of the drug sequence into the IV. This means that the needle is placed a few minutes before the actual execution starts. So they still need to be able to abort the procedure at a moments notice with no harm to the prisoner. Edit: Grammar," "It's a standard medical procedure and has no real meaning nor is it part of a subtle, ongoing joke. In addition to the health and safety reasons (for when you're handling sharp objects), you are also ensuring that the condemned dies due to the chemicals. Also, the companies that manufacture the needles don't know what it's going to be used for. They are required to sterilize the needles that they ship out.," "Good God, armchair doctors and lawyers, step aside a second. Nobody actually sterilizes needles before using them anymore. They're all disposable and come prepackaged already sterile. It's cheaper than buying and maintaining an autoclave, and paying a surgical tech to operate it. Plus it reduces the risk of an accidental needlestick injury (they teach you not to even re-cap a used needle- there are almost always safety mechanisms on them to slide a plastic sheath over the needle so that it can be disposed of in a sharps container). Now go back to the movies and TV shows that inform your knowledge bases.,Where are you going to get unsterilized needles? Recovering used needles would be a waste of taxpayer dollars, and opening the packaging earlier in the day just to let it sit out and fester for awhile is a waste of time. They are pre-packaged single-use devices, manufactured in bulk.', "It would have to also have something to do with the fact that the needle is being handled by someone other than the one being executed. If they stick themselves with the needle, they'll want the assurance that they haven't contracted something horrible. That would mean a whole LOT of other needles to be involved! Workplace health and safety," "I'm sure it's easier and cheaper to find sterile needles than used ones...,In case the condemned receives a stay of execution at the last minute. Since no one knows if the condemned will be receive a stay at the last minute, standard medical infection rules apply. This includes swabbing the IV area with alcohol and iodine as well as using sterile, one-time-use needles. Regardless of setting, using sterilized needles makes things safer for everyone involved. It avoids any improper infection, making cause of death easier to rule. Also, having sterilized needles prevents staff members from getting any infection due to cross-contamination. It does seem counter-intuitive, yes. But since the main reason is to keep the condemned healthy until death is administered, spending the extra time to sanitize and sterilize is well worth it." Found this.', "As has been mentioned, when the State is trying to put someone to death, it takes a while. During all the time it takes to get ready, the Governor can call and pardon the prisoner and tell everyone not to kill him. So they take out the needle, which must be clean to prevent infection. Legally, if the prisoner was to get sick because of the needle, his lawyers could argue that the prison broke the rules of how to keep prisoners (ELI20: The 6th Amendment on Cruel and Unusual Punishment) and try to get the prisoner life in prison instead, or even freed. So they're really trying to cover their own ass at for possible options, as governments usually try to do.," "fun fact: doctors can't perform a lethal injection because of the Hippocratic Oath so the prisons hire interns and nurses to do it instead and you end up with stories, like this one, where they [can't find the vein] (URL0),You want them to keep a used, dirty needle around somewhere instead of just buying a box of clean ones for 10 and using a fresh one everytime?','I've heard urban legends of doctors "saving" prisioners from heart attacksetc with the prisioner being executed days later. I'm curious how many "11th hour" stoppage there have been (I mean, where the sterilization of the needle has come into play). Has someone really been hooked up and then the governor calls?','Surgical needles, at least in the west, come in one flavour - sterilised. Sourcing unsterlised needles would cost more than buying standard ones.','Because everything about capital punishment is illogical and abhorrent.', "All prison nurses are union. Union nurses must sterilize all needles regardless of procedure. It would take millions of dollars for lawyers to weed out a provision in their contracts to make a single caveat for lethal injections. 1,000,000's in lawyers fees .03 for a cotton ball and a dab of alcohol times every time we've actually gotten around to putting someone to death.,That's just how needles for injections come. I don't think there's much of a market for non-sterile needles. They likely come from the same kind of suppliers as the ones health care providers and the general population get their supplies from. I'd be surprised if there was some kind of "special" equipment for lethal injection. I've never actually seen it done but I am under the impression that it's actually a luer-lock type of system with IV line established, not just a venipuncture and immediate injection thereafter. I think they probably establish a peripheral site line and then attach a needleless syringe to the hub to inject the solution. All of that stuff is just sterile.','Suplly technician for a large hospital here. Many needless come sterilized from the factory. As in when you remove it from the covering it is already sterile. I doubt they have a sterilization unit there processing their supplies. It pregnant just comes that way, but people have turned it into a thing where it sounds like they go out of their way to sterilize it.', "As a needle user every day in a veterinary practice, every needle I have ever purchased for use has been prepackaged and sterile. Also, if you use a needle too many times, such as poking it into a rubber stopper of a medicine bottle, the needle dulls. So it's not like it has to be sterile, but it just comes like that.," "Well, kiddo, when the government decides to...get rid of a bad guy, they don't want to hurt the bad guys, just to get rid of them. It's not nice to be mean to the bad guys. Also, sometimes a good person is mistaken for the bad guy and we don't want to risk getting him sick, just in case.," "Aside from whatever the actual reason is, I would think the most reasonable and simple explanation is that medical procedures shouldn't allow for inconsistencies from one patient to the next due to the potential for other problems. Inconsistencies in most anything is what creates problems and litigation.,It has nothing to do with it being a lethal injection. I doubt you could even buy non sterile medical syringes if you wanted to for some reason.', "Because it's not like we're a bunch of sick fucking monsters. Non-sterilized needles? Come on now, that's inhumane.