UPS drivers drive a large and not very agile box truck. This means that for a left turn, they must wait, idling the engine, until a rather large gap is open across both directions of the road. (In the US, the left turn crosses to the far lane.) If their route only involved right turns, and it was the same length, then they would use less gas idling, because they would only need ot wait for a gap in the near lane. Computer software can arrange that, and thus they make left turns only when the distance traveled is significantly less than could be achieved with right turns. In the US, road networks are dense and one-way roads uncommon, this turns out to be almost never making a left turn.', "You get the most mileage out of your gas by travelling at faster than-stalling) speeds. In addition, whenever you brake, you are taking the energy you had from your gas and turning it into heat via friction with the brakes. Then you have to accelerate back up to speed again after you are done stopping. When you make more left turns, due to having to stop to wait for a break in the oncoming traffic, you stop and start more often. Turning right, on the other hand, only requires that you slow down very slightly since there's no oncoming traffic to avoid.,Why is this marked NSFW? Is it because of [this?] (URL0) ', "In most US and Canadian jurisdictions, you're allowed to make right turns at a red light. You just have to yield to oncoming traffic. And if the light is green, you don't have to wait at all. Just make your turn. In the case of a left turn, you have to sit and wait at the red, then yield to oncoming traffic unless there's an advanced green. When your vehicle is sitting idling like that, you're getting somewhere in the ball park of 0 miles per gallon. You're burning fuel to go nowhere. Now for one truck, only making right turns is going isn't going to save a whole lot of fuel over the course of a day. But if you multiply that by thousands of trucks on the road all day, every day, it adds up pretty quickly.,There was a great mythbusters mini segment on it, but it has to do with all the stalling while waiting for a spot in oncoming traffic to make the left turn. Although the distance travelled is a little greater, waiting in traffic is extremely inefficient and it also has the added benefits of reducing accidents as well.