Object oriented programming is a way of designing a program so it is made up of classes and objects. A class represents a generic type of something, so you might create a class called Dog. It will have properties - things you can set, like its name and its weight. And it will have methods - things you can get it to do, like sit or walk. An object represents a specific thing. The "type" of an object is the class of the thing. So we can create an object of type Dog and set its name to Fido. Then we create another object of type Dog and set its name to Spot. The advantage of this is that we can re-use the Dog class in lots of other projects. We can also use other classes that already exist. We can modify existing classes to. So we might have created the Dog class by saying that Dog is a type of Animal (where the Animal class was something we made for a different project), then we can add specific dog-like behaviour, so we don't have to start from scratch each time.','The idea with "Object-Oriented Programming" is that you create "objects" (shock), which hold all the information describing a particular thing. You might create a "Shape" object, which would hold information about the name of the shape, how many corners it has, and so on. That object will also contain some "member functions" which allow you to do stuff using that object; for example moving or rotating your shape. Object-oriented code will then be based around manipulating these objects, creating new ones with different values of the data (different numbers of corners on our shapes, or different names etc.) and so on.', "OO Start from the beginning. I want to create a living thing. What objects do I need to create. Brain Lungs Heart Liver etc. With these simple objects we can start creating Animals! We will create a couple of new objects called Human and Dog, which'inherit' all the objects an Animal has as described previously. Wait a second. They all have these objects. So how can they be different? Lets go back to the brain object. We can create a new object. and give it a name called'Intelligence'. This may contain its own little objects or attributes, but importantly the brain now encapulates an intelligence object. We will assign the humans brain property 10. Since it only uses 10 of its brain power. What a dumbass. And assign the Dog objects brain power 90. Lets create another object called Fish. Wait...this bastard doesn't have lungs. Now we need to create more objects call Gills. Then its no longer an animal. Lets create another header object that includes all the stuff a fish has. -Similar to Animal. Fuck this shit is hard. But at least I recognize the objects that need created. EDIT: WORDS