This concept is well explored in a book (and I believe TV series now too) called Guns, Germs, and Steel. I would urge you to readwatch it if you ever find time. It should be taken with a grain of salt, but it does posit a number of very good theories. Essentially what it boils down to (at least in that particular author's opinion), is food supply. The agricultural revolution in Europe led to more efficient farming methods that required less work for more food. Less work equals more time, more time leads to boredom, boredom leads to curiosity, et cetera. So while everyone else around the world was spending all their daylight hours farming, Europe was spending a few daylight hours farming and the rest tinkering with stuff. This, theoretically, jump-started the scientific progress of the Europeans, and led to their eventual domination of the globe. To play Devil's advocate, however, there were a number of other highly successful and powerful empires and civilizations throughout history, some of which we know quite a bit about (the Egyptians, the Chinese, the Sumerians), and some of which we don't (the Native Americans and the Zimbabweans, for instance). Many of these empires developed, for their time, very advanced technology, but all of these empires inevitably collapsed and much of that technology was then lost. Only very recently (as far as human history is concerned) has Europe held such dominance in technology. It should also be noted that Europe rose to power in the form of Rome and Macedonia, but also collapsed into the Dark Ages before re-rising to power in the modern context. A great deal of Europe's post-Dark Ages society is based on science and math kept alive by the Arabs (algebra and trigonometry, among others), and wouldn't have been possible without the Crusades bringing a lot of that information back. So I guess the simplest explanation is probably pure luck. Of all the incredibly powerful civilizations that rose up and fell throughout history, Europe managed to do so right on the cusp of the Industrial Revolution and rise of globalization, ensuring their global dominance in the modern age. One might argue, however, that the balance of technological power is slowly shifting back towards the east, as China and India are definitely making up for lost time in the technological race against America and Europe.," "I disagree with the top answer here. To understand anything about why some countries have more technology and some less, must first understand what is prosperity, and why is a country richer or poorer. Let me give you an example, lets first take an example of Robinson Crusoe who got stranded on an island. He catches fishes everyday from 8AM to 5PM and eats them. Since he just landed on the island, he catches these fishes by hand and he is able to catch 25 fishes everyday. Since Crusoe came from a modern society he realizes that he can build a net, and that will enable him to catch a lot more fishes. Unfortunately, he also realizes that he cannot just blink and wish a fishing net, he must build it, and making a fishing net requires 5 days of his work. The problem in front of Crusoe is that if he starts to work for 5 full days to build that net, then he won't be able to catch any fish therefore he will starve to death. Crusoe in this scenario faces the problem of lack of capital. He needs capital to sustain himself until he extends the structure of production (that is from using only hands to catch fish, he uses hands to build a fishing net, which he uses to catch fishes. He realizes that by building that fishing net he will be able to catch 300 fishes everyday. So Crusoe has 2 options, he can either: Eat only 20 fishes everyday, and store the 5 uneaten fishes; Keep on doing this for 20 days, which will get him 100 fishes, which are good enough for him to sustain himself for five days when he won't be able to work. Catch only 20 fishes each day and spend that extra time in building the net, so he will be spreading his 5 days of work, over 20 days. In either of the two cases Crusoe has deferred his present consumption of 5 fishes everyday so that after he builds the net he is now able to produce and consume a LOT more fishes everyday. He can either catch 300 fishes and maybe consume them all, or make more dishes out of them, etc etc, or he could continue to catch only 25 fishes everyday, work less and have more leisure time, and spending the remaining time in working on art, literature, maybe music etc. A poor african country is exactly like Crusoe without the fishing net, and a rich western country like America is exactly like Crusoe with a fishing net. These African countries may figure out Technologies by merely copying western technologies, but what the knowledge isn't enough, what they really need is enough savings to lengthen the structure of production. If they are catching fishes by hand then they need to save enough to be able to feed themselves when they build a fishing net (let's call it sideways production). This is the exact reason why China is producing iPads and iPods for US but not for themselves, because they don't have enough savings by themselves to sustain themselves when they try to upgrade their capital goods. Its easier for western countries to produce a lot without giving up a lot of present goods, America has a lot of time to spend on art, literature, music, etc. This is the exact reason why their athletes and sportsmen win so many medals in Olympics, they have the disposable income and time to train themselves for sports, whereas in poor countries people still spend most of their time catching fishes by hand. In order to build more capital, you require two things: People should be willing to put a lot of present goods for later consumption, I.e. When they put their present goods for later consumption, nothing should reduce or steal away their capital from them. Let me elaborate what I meant by nothing should reduce or steal away the capital from people who are deferring their present consumption for future. In the above example of Crusoe, lets say Crusoe's fishes got rotten because they weren't stored properly, so his capital has been destroyed, now to achieve the same earlier result he will have to build his savings again. Take another scenario, lets say Man Friday, is another cast away, who drifted to the other part of the Island, he also catches fishes by hand, but he is able to catch only 10 fishes because he is not that good with catching fishes. When Crusoe was saving 5 fishes everyday, Man Friday decried that Crusoe was being unfair and hoarding fishes, and it was causing income inequality, also Crusoe being more dexterous with fishing, must feed Man Friday some of his fishes. So everyday Man Friday raids Crusoe's extra fishes and consumes them in the name of making the society more equal. In this case again Crusoe's capital has been depleted, and he will never be able to build that fishing net, and although Man Friday and Crusoe will be a bit more equal, they will remain poor. In fact soon Crusoe will realize that he has no incentive to really starve himself by 5 fishes, so he will either consume all 25 fishes or will catch only 5 fishes each day. Had Man Friday allowed Crusoe to build his net, Crusoe would have been able to produce a lot more fishes everyday, and then Man Friday could then provide Crusoe with some other services, in exchange for his fishes. Lets just say all Man Friday is good at, is dancing and creating stories and telling them passionately, since they both are stranded on an island, Crusoe might value this entertainment service a lot, so Crusoe works all day catching 300 fishes, and gives 100 fishes to Man Friday in exchange of Man Friday's entertainment services. This service would not be possible in a society without more capital accumulation. If Crusoe isn't allowed to save because the property rights lack in his country then Crusoe's net wouldn't have been built, and Crusoe would have remained relatively rich (because he caught 25 fishes everyday and consumed 20), and Man Friday would have remained poor (because he caught only 10 fishes everyday and was able to consume only 15). tl;dr: African countries have less technology because they don't have an ability to use that technology because of lack of Capital accumulation. Capital accumulates faster in countries with stronger property rights. The'free time' HelioSeven is talking about is nothing but time they acquired through savings.,Guns, Germs, and Steel is a great book that describes this phenomenon in detail. It had to do with the ease with which technology traveled, the kind of large livestock available, and how many nutritious crops were available to the people','The biggest difference is the peoples of Africa were huntergathers, they had to be. Food was scarce so they always had to move on and find more. In Europe the climate allowed for the development of farming and agriculture, they could settle down in one place for life and always have food and the like on hand. They had more time to deal with other problems and develop, rather than always concern themselves with their next meal. There were other factors, but that was a big one.