China only owns around 8 of our national debt. In fact 60 of the debt is owned by Americans (30 other parts of the government, 30 citizens and businesses).', "Some factors to consider. 1. The US National Debt is 18.6 trillion. 2. The US Federal Budget is around 4 trillion. 3. US Foreign Aid (including aid to Israel) is about 0.015 trillion. 4. US Foreign Aid to Isreal specifically is about 0.0012 trillion. 5. The USA has a population of 320 million. 6. Isreal has a population of 8 million. So, the amount of the US National Debt that can be attributed to helping Israel is a drop in the bucket. There is a significantly larger cost associated with providing free healthcare and university for a nation of 8 million people (or roughly the same population as New York City) compared to a population of 320 million. That's not to say that I don't think that healthcare and education are not things the government should be paying for. We already were paying for healthcare in an incredibly inefficient way pre-ACA, and educating the population has a very strong ROI. But let's not dismiss the costs involved in making those changes on a national scare for such a large population.," "It's similar to why people take out a mortgage on a home, or take out a loan to start a business. You have to spend money to make money, and you don't want to save until you die just to have enough to start. The government sells treasury bills similar to stocks that a company sells to raise capital, but unlike stocks these do not confer voting rights. Just like you and I can buy these t bills, any investor, corporation or country can buy them as well. We have never asked China to buy them, they have done so on the free market as they have chosen to do so because they find them to be safer investments than other options. We are inclined to let anyone purchase t bills because the higher demand there is for them the lower interest we have to pay them. At a certain point demand gets so high that the purchaser is essentially paying us instead of vice versa. Why would we decline that?,You are thinking of debt in the wrong way. Countries who have debt are not the same as people who have debt. Just like corporations, governments can seek investors. The US did not borrow from China. China "invested" in the US by buying T-Bills. In that sense, China sees the US as a strong economy. The US did not go to China begging for money. Think of it like buying stock. If you want to turn your 100 in to 200, you pick a good investment. That is what China did, they invested in the US. Had China not purchased those T-Bills, someone else would have. URL0','There's a whole lot of oil in the Middle East, and America wants to control it. But since America isn't geographically located in the Middle East, we have to do so "by proxy" (ie. getting another country to do what we want for us). You can think of it like this: Israel is an American colony. More simply, they're our bitch in the Middle East. When we want something in the Middle East (eg. torturing some arabs) Israel does it for us. In return, we pay for their security and other government services. Also, since the Palestinian people don't have such an arrangement, we let Israel do whatever horrible things they want to them. This is another form of "payment" to Israel (although the Palestinians are the ones who really pay).