It's largely politics. Unions tend to be very strong supporters of the Democratic party, and that doesn't sit well with Republicans. But, for some specific points of contention: Unions fight for what they think is a fair wage. Some people think that wage is unreasonably high. Unions support closed shop laws, which make it illegal to hold certain jobs if you're not in a union. Others support right to work laws, because they don't think union membership should be mandatory. In theory, unions work for better conditions for workers. However, some unions are corrupt, linked to organized crime, and hold nonunion workers in contempt.,What I know of my company is that I make much more money than my unionized counterparts at other company locations and my benefits are far superior. We produce a larger quantity and higher quality product as well because we don't have senseless union red tape that allows us to perform our jobs efficiently. For instance if my line is down because of an electric motor and there are 4 bolts that mount it to the floor. I can do whatever it takes to compete the task. In a union shop I would have to wait for an available mechanic to remove any bolts or fasteners so that I could remove the wires. If I were to do it myself to get it back running and make the company more profitable I would be fined or fired for taking work from another worker's "craft" and violating the union contract.', "A union is essentially a representative that sits between you and your employer when it comes to matters such as hiring (workplace agreements and wages), termination (fair dismissal, severance), strikes and so on. For workers unions are usually a good thing, because the union represents a large number of people in an industry they're in a good position to negotiate better wages and working conditions than any individual would be able to get. The union will also represent you in workplace disputes, and can sometimes provide legal representation. Unions do have some downsides. For example if there are non-unioned workers in an industry it effectively weakens the union's position (why would an employer agree to the union's demands when they can just hire non-union people instead). Therefore in some industries there is a lot of pressure on workers to join unions. If you look around you'll find stories of strong-arm tactics or even open hostility. Employers also find unions difficult to work with. An employer needs to consider the financial situation of their company when considering things like wages, the union doesn't have the same concern and so could make demands greater than the employer can cover, if the employer doesn't meet the demands or negotiate them down then they risk their staff going on strike. The pro-union counterargument is that without unions the employers will have minimal pressure to actually raise wages, and that factors such as workplace favouritism could end up with two employees doing the same work for different amounts of pay, therefore it is better to have the employer and the union negotiate the wage for everyone.,Originally, America was an agrarian society. Most people were farmers who worked small plots of land land was cheap and plentiful, and the government would even give away frontier land to people who would settle and develop it (homesteading). Businesses existed of course, but they were usually small businesses like smiths, barrel makers, etc. Then we got technology like railroads and factories. Which were profitable but required a huge amount of capital. So people started forming more large companies and they became a larger sector of the economy (i.e. people quit farming and started to work for a company). Those large companies discovered they could make more money by exploiting their workers in various ways. Anyone who was unhappy with the working conditions was welcome to quit; there were plenty of more desperate people willing to take their place. Eventually workers got fed up and started banding together for everyone in a company or industry to stop work en masse until improvements were made. Companies responded by simply letting everybody go and hiring replacements, preemptively getting rid of anybody who seemed to be organizing the workers, and hiring ex-felons who weren't too shy about physical violence as private "security guards" to break up public marches and demonstrations about a company's business practices. Eventually the American people sided with the workers. The forty-hour workweek, two-day weekend, and child labor laws are all things we take for granted today, but were considered major reforms at the time. Unions gained the right to organize and strike. Unions now being recognized as legitimate entities, rules were put in place to make the process more orderly how negotiations between unions and management take place, how much notice must be given of intent to strike, the relative balance of power between union members and union leadership, under what circumstances workers can must join a union, etc. Corporations can have vast amounts of wealth, political and economic influence, and can "live" for centuries. Organized labor can be viewed as a necessary evil to keep companies from simply exploiting their workers. However, now that we're no longer fighting for those sorts of reforms, unions have sort of lost their way. Leaders of large unions often seem too interested in peddling political influence with the government, with campaign contributions and votes from union members (or in egregious cases, straight from union dues which all members must pay, regardless of their political beliefs). Some union members have extreme levels of laziness or incompetence, but cannot be fired because the union makes it very hard to fire them. Public-sector unions, that is unions of employees in taxpayer-funded industries like police, may not be "adversarial" to management. I.e. the management has no incentive to disagree from unreasonable union demands like pay far above market rates and enormous pensions, because the taxpayers will ultimately foot the bill. Similarly, if top union leaders are all senior members, they have personal incentives to agree to concessions that make junior union members' benefits worse if management offers in exchange increased benefits for senior union members. (I recall reading one piece by a pilot explaining that this problem is particularly bad in the airline industry.)