For TV and Film, you have to get something across in a way people understand in a short amount of time, so it's not actually going to work like you see it, but these sort of things are what people do. There's a convention every year in Las Vegas called DEF CON. This past year, they had 22 voting machines (different types used all over the US), and if you could hack them without doing anything other than what a voter would be doing while standing at the machine (like, no breaking out a big computer system), you got to keep the machine. All 22 were hacked and given away. as far as a password and firewall, if that's your "in," unless the software being used at the site has an exploit, it's not easy. Getting access to someone's computer is easier through social engineering, or trying out dozens of people, hoping to find someone using a bad password. At my office, there are people who keep word documents with all of their passwords in it on their desktops. I know because I've had to restore the files when they get mistakenly deleted. That sort of thing makes the millions of dollars spent on security software worthless.', "well, the thing is that if you know what you are doing, it's not taking even that long1. They kind of time cheat on the discovery process thing, though. Finding the right computer is a lot harder than they portray it. 1 all of these things are kind of automated. you use a program that exploits a known problem in whatever program you are targeting. Often it's just some small shit that takes a mere second to do, and if you know that you can, it takes more time to type in the command to do it than have it done., Surely it's harder than portrayed? Of course it is. It is sort of like if you presented a character as "a medical professional" and then had them do anything from treating a broken leg to doing a brain transplant. "Hacking" is in the broadest, original meaning, the alteration or use of a computer system in ways it was not originally intended. To make an analogy to another field it would be like a mechanic taking a string trimmer and replacing the head with a propeller, then using it to drive a canoe around. Hackers then were not originally considered to be an intrinsically bad or malicious group. The term has since evolved to mean people who access computer systems to do malicious or damaging things, probably because that subset of the original term were the most relevant to news stories. Because of this change in the term it loses a lot of the meaning about the capabilities involved, as "accessing" a computer system doesn't necessarily require anything significant in the way of clever alteration or trickery regarding how computers function. Most "hacking" these days is done through something called "social engineering," or tricking people into giving access to systems they shouldn't. Calling up the clueless grandmother in accounting claiming to be an IT engineer from the company who needs to confirm her password for whatever reason is much faster and easier than trying to find and exploit some undiscovered bug in their security setup. All that said, a malicious and technically savvy black hat hacker might be able to break into a given system in a few keystrokes. If there is a vulnerability in a system it may take years for an expert to figure out it even exists, then weeks to put together a viable way of reliably exploiting the flaw in order to gain access in the way desired. However once all that work is done it becomes a tool in their arsenal so if that same kind of system is ever encountered again it can be used. So if the hacker looks at a system and goes "Oh, that system has a known vulnerability and I have a tool on hand which can do what we need," then it might be a very quick thing indeed. Otherwise it is likely to take a long time to figure something out if they can do it at all.','In addition to what uenjoyoutdoors said, also sometimes the longest part of a hack is exploiting the human part of the system. Systems can actually be really strong so it's better to exploit the weakest part, the person sitting behind the monitor. Try and weasel the password out of them, or pretend to be a family member or friend and send them an email or link and have them download a file that installs something on their pc that gives you a backdoor. So the "hack" may take no time at all, but the gaming of the target could take a lot longer.','Great answers, thank you. However if there is a strong system say, good strong password, firewall. Is it extremely difficult to get to these systems, assuming social engineering is out of the question? You hear of people hacking government websites and getting user data. Surely these sites and organisations have good safeguards in place?