Because her, and her government's, approach to the economy and employment was that people should work hard and pay taxes and anyone who wasn't able to support themselves shouldn't get handouts from the state for loafing about doing nothing. So for me, a young a naive 20-something who had just started work in 1983 it was great because she kept cutting taxes at all levels but particularly to the top earners, but what I saw was my wages rising. She was a proponent of'trickle down economics' like Ronald Reagan, i.e. if the rich at the top get richer the money will flow down to what our current bunch of bandits (aka the Conservative government) call'hardworking families'. What was actually happening that lower taxation meant cuts to any kind of state support for the unemployed, the sick, the disabled etc etc. Unemployment was rising rapidly due to globalisation meaning that heavy industries like coal, steel, shipbuilding, car manufacturing etc were collapsing under pressure from competition from the Far East and the US. As someone else said, she hated the miners because they dared to stand up to her, so there are now parts of the UK where there have been hardly any jobs for a couple of generations because she closed pits and steelworks and gave no support in the aftermath - a bit like places like Detroit maybe? As I got wiser through the later 1980s I, and many others began to realise that they had no understanding of what it was to be poor and working class, despite her having been a shop-keepers daughter made good, and that they just didn't care as long as they made money. Sadly we're back there again with our current shower.... er...government. If you want to catch a flavour of it watch The Full Monty (Sheffield Steel workers). Pride (Welsh coal mines and the miners strike) Billy Elliot (Miner's Strike in the North East),Mainly because of the miners' strike which devastated a lot of communities and the poll tax which even her colleagues didn't think was a good idea. A lot of public services suffered during her premiership as she chased the concept of small government vigorously. Even before she became PM she was unpopular. As health minister she stopped free milk to schoolkids earning her the nickname "Thatcher the milk snatcher.,'Closed the mines, destroying a lot of small towns and cities unemployment was sky high for the working class.Edit: here is more info I was very young at the time.URL0