When immigrants come to the USA and are looking to start a new business they often go to the US department of labor and ask about trending industries and see what areas are projected to be a growth market. When for political reasons or whatever you get a large spike of immigrants from a specific country. They then all show up at the same time and all of them ask what business are trending and they all get the same answer. So now you have a large population from a specific region all working the same type of business. After a while new immigrants come over and they want to find work, if they are lucky enough a cousin or something came over before them and is now a business owner. So they go work with their family members. The first immigrant who opened the business now has a bunch of family members working for them and might want to expand. Maybe try and get a store for their son or nephew to run for themselves. Once you already have a successful franchise with a company you can get a large cut on the franchise fees for opening up a second location compared to opening up the first. Also you have been doing this for a while so you now know what works and what doesn't and can improve your chances for the second branch being successful.," "They are cheap franchises to get into. Pretty much all you need is a small store and enough money to buy into the franchise, and then you have a steady source of income that doesn't cost too much to upkeep since it's all mass-produced mass-traded stuff there anyways.," "That's a regional thing. I'll assume you're in California? If you come out to Las Vegas, it's varied. In fact I'd say most of the people are non-Indian Asian (specifically Filipino)," "I've noticed that too, apparently here in New York, an indian couple ran about 30 711s and was caught by the FBI because their workers acquired fake SSNs from deceased indians...o.o go figure.," "It's like a snowball effect. When you are new to the country and you don't speak the language, you stick around to those who speak yours. You probably have no college education and maybe even no high school. The people who talk your language own convenience stores. They are probably families who came to America before you and have a firm footing and know the ins and outs of the business. They offer you a job. You see they make good money. They help you open your own store. The snowball gets bigger. My dad got his store with the help of his friend who got his store through the help of his brother.,There was a post from a year ago by utbone26 on the whole immigrant niche industry thing. Fantastically-written piece on chasing the Chinese Dream. [Not meant to be racist. Why do immigrants usually own and run specific types of businesses (i.e. Dry cleaners, liquorconvenience stores, etc.) ] (URL0) ', "I believe there are [programs] (URL1) in place that assist Asians (this includes Indians) to start their own businesses. Families pool their money together to buy a store or motel or something, and they all work there and usually live together as well. It's possible that the employed family members don't receive a regular paycheck. They don't have the American ideals of needing to buy things to be happy. Their culture is more about family and supporting the family business. Plus, it's proven to work. So a new AsianIndian family wants to come to America... they can already see how others have done it, and that they've had success.," "I doubt it's regional. Same thing here in Wisconsin. And I believe they're Arabian not Indian. It has something to do with the tax benefits they receive.," "I believe that must be a regional thing. Where I am from it is all Portuguese people that own the dunkin's. My family included.,Indians, open up a 711 in rockwood tn....