You very rarely do. Most studies do not assert a direct causation, but rather a strong correlation. In simple cases you can imply causation. To do so, one must define a VERY clear link from A to B, and one must also define a very clear link from B to A. For example, let's try to say that "Running out of gas causes your car to stop." Then, through sample testing we'd get a very high (Read: 100 in this case) correlation from your car running out of gas, to your car stopping. That is enough to prove a correlation. How to prove causation? By proving the contrapositive. Prove through sampling that if a gar is NOT stopped, then it is NOT out of gas (Which you can, again, see with 100 certainty. In a simple case, by doing this, you would prove a causation. In complicated cases with dozens or even hundreds of variables (For example, the effect that a government mandated health care system would have on the economy) there is absolutely no way to prove a causation, only a high correlation.','The key is to show that the "effect" must be preceded by the prescribed "cause." So in your testing you try to demonstrate that the "effect" does not occur as a result of other likely causes or no cause at all. When being peer reviewed, the reviewers, who are usually expert in the field, may propose alternative possible causes, and the original investigator (s) will have to address those possibilities. In science one never "proves" anything unless you are showing something to be false. The positive case for a cause- effect argument is made by the asserting the hypothesis and supporting it with tests that seem the most likely to show it false, but which fail to do so.','I hate this phrase. Correlation is a necessary but not sufficient condition for causation. Which means correlation very often does imply causation. You just need addition evidence. Evidence that A causes B includes: Correlation - B happens when A happens Negated correlation - B does not happen when A does not happen Isolation - possible casual agents C, D, and E have been eliminated Chronology - A happens before B happens Mechanism - A does this one thing to cause B Remember, philosophers still debate whether there even is such a thing as causality. The best scientists can do is show high and isolated correlation with a well understood mechanism.