There are a couple of reasons. 1) By growing their produce in countries where the cost of living is low they don't spend very much on wages for people who work their plantations. 2) many times those same countries have far lower standards in construction and safety, so they spend as little as possible in those areas. 3) size. A company like Dole has a massive market share so even if they only make a little off each banana they sell so many of them that it adds up to huge profits.," "Back of the envelope math - 10lbs of bananas per american (2010), 315 million americans. That's 3.15 billion lbs of bananas a year. That's 315,000 per year per penny of profit they can squeeze out of that'less than a dollar per pound.' Shipping and handling get CRAZY cheap in bulk.," "This is what globalization is all about! It truly is amazing. It's the result of hundreds of self-interested parties doing only what they believe will produce a positive outcome for them, an no one else. The farmer in a poor country doesn't grow bananas because Dole is evil and wants to keep them down, they do it because they see it as the activity that will maximize their wealth. Because many people in those countries believe the same, and because their costs are lower, production of bananas shifts to these countries. Shipping is another story that comes down to a very global market shipping billions of goods on a daily basis. With heavily automated shipping yards and massive boats, you can ship bananas for probably less than a penny each.," "Shipping stuff halfway across the world in bulk by container ship costs practically nothing. [For example:] (URL0) As of March 2016, it costs around 400 to move a 40-foot container from Shenzhen to Rotterdam A 40 foot container has a payload of up to 58,000 punds. So the shipping cost is 1.45 cents per pound. Maybe 2 or 3 times that if it's refrigerated, but still almost irrelevant.," Economies of scale] (URL1) is the term that describes what you're asking about. Shipping one bunch of bananas across the ocean is very expensive. But the cost to add one additional bunch to that cargo goes down as you add more (to a point). So the more you add the cheaper things become overall.," "The simplest answer I can give is: Volume. They don't make much on each banana, but it adds up because so many bananas are sold, and consumed globally. It is the most popular fruit in the world.