Historically, males have not actually been the dominant [sex of our] species. It's women who are responsible for birth and rearing, along with genetics. Historically and genetically, men were (and still are) disposable. In hunting-gathering societies, men took on all the dangerous work while woman managed pretty much everything else. Eventually, do to an uncountable number of reasons, this "breadwinner" role eventually led to men being seen as more immediately more valuable and then filtered back down through our cultures. Look as recently as the middle of the 20th century, where men stereotypically worked all day, only to hand their earnings over to their wife, who managed the household, raised the kids, and basically did everything else. Even when culturally subjugated for millennia, woman still held a different kind of social power as well as a special place in nature. I'm glossing over a lot here, but this bahaviour continues to pop up through history and in different cultures and is really quite fascinating. There is a great video on YouTube I saw the other day that explained why there are more men than women. Basically, males are more likely to die during or following pregnancy, and so human biology has a tendency to birth more males so that they can die and thus balance everything out. There was also a discussion on what happens during times of famine or strife, but I don't quite remember how it was explained. FYI, I'm a male anthropologist, not a man hating feminist. It's just the fact of the matter that woman are more precious and important to genetics and held unique (if unequal) social standing throughout history. Edit because I made a typo.', "Men have only been the'dominant' gender in Asia and Europe. In Africa and the Americas, women have been the dominant gender as often as men, particularly in non-agricultural societies. For example, in hunter societies women often form the foundation of government because they are at home while the men go on longer expeditions. The condition of childbirth does not limit their role, rather it centers it on the central community, making them naturally the ones who discuss how to deal with problems.," "Historically, I think, it's because men are physically stronger. Which doesn't make them simply able to dominate, but it also puts them in the role of protector. The protector role means that the males will interact with other males to secure the family's standing, so societies are typically dominated by males.,Historians generally view the Agricultural Revolution as the start of patriarchy. In hunting-gathering times, women were responsible for gathering around 70 of the food, and both genders worked equally as hard to ensure the survival of the group. However, during the Agricultural Revolution, several factors influenced the emergence of patriarchy. First, agriculture allowed people to end their nomadic lifestyles. Thus, women could remain pregnant longer and more frequently, and eventually child birth was the primary role of women. Also, heavy machinery needed to farm and plow was operated by men, logically, as men are naturally bigger than women. In short, men became relied on primarily for getting food and ensuring survival, while women were slowly seen as weak and useful for giving birth. This attitude shaped thousands of years of gender hierarchy. Of course, cultures vary in degrees of patriarchy, but it persists in many.