Someone who has only ever taken coffee and alcohol will have a very difficult time understanding the profound cognitive and physical effects of most other psychoactive drugs. This is simply because you lack a perceptual oversight of the other mental states available to humans through various compounds. It is as difficult to describe the Northern Lights or Mona Lisa to a blind person, or the works of Mozart and Beethoven to a deaf, as it is for a'sober person' to comprehend the internal cognitive shifts that something like MDMA or LSD can induce. Taking any drug for the first time is a profound experience for everyone, because suddenly everything you thought you knew about thinking and feeling (which up to this point has honestly been barely anything) is exploded into new relief by the novel thoughts and emotions. It is analogous to eating a diet of only white bread and cornflakes, every day of your life for decades; only knowing the minor trivial variations in flavour and texture. Some days you might have a little jam, other days perhaps some sugar on the cereal. You don't know any better - that's just how food is to you. Then one evening suddenly you eat sushi, lasagna, steak, lobster, chocolate cake and ice cream one after the other. Your world is changed; oh the flavours! Who knew this was possible? And forever after you are able to appreciate the bread and cereal not just for what they are, but where they stand on a continuum of flavour amongst a vast, varied and wonderful gourmet of possibilities. Everyone, literally everyone, should experience MDMA, LSD and Marijuana just once in their life for comparative and discovery purposes. Without those reference points to see where your daily mind-state stands in relation to other modes of thinking, one spends their entire life shackled into a horrifyingly narrow and tedious prison of mediocre cognition.,Weed: I'm not even gonna bother, others have covered it well and it can vary so much based on strain. Ecstasy: Everyone and everything is amazing. LOVE to dance, gotta be moving somehow. The sense of empathy felt for others is unreal, tends to bring you closer to those that you're with. Cocaine: (Obviously) Can't sleep. Very focused and hyper. Thinking at 100 miles an hour. Slight body high sometimes, if it was really good coke. SpeedAmphetamines: Like coke, with no "high" at all. And it lasts much longer. Coke was a short, sharp feeling, typically around 30 min before you went and did more (if you were). I'd take a couple pills and be set for 10 hours, much more constant and controlled. MushroomsAcid: You'll have to google for this. Just because experiences vary sooo much. I personally have never had a bad trip, but I know others who have right in front of me too. One thing I will say is that after Acid especially, one tends to view the world in a whole new light. It's a POWERFUL substance, can totally rock your world if you're not readyprepared. Mushrooms the whole trip can last up to 8 hours, Acid will be up to a full day, but usually 12 hours. Meth (eaten, not injected. This was an accident, be wary of bad drugs ppl!): Just like speed, but even more intense. And physical high too, I got these insane waves throughout my body for hours. I could see how one would like it, but mine were too much. I thought that I had bought some Ecstasy, so I ate more meth than I should have. I wasn't in danger at all, just still new to the whole drug scene. Hmm...what else? I haven't done heroin, I know that. I had a few years where I experimented a lot, but I haven't touched any "drug" in almost 2 years now. I was in a REALLY bad accident and just have no desire to ever try them again. I had fun, but that part of my life is over now.','I'll tell you about my first LSD trip... I used to live in this meth apartment, everyone was strung out. I used to let my dealer use my car all the time, he'd give me bags in return. One night he said he needed to use my car, but he was taking the last girl I dated (we were over at that time) and some other fat chick, and her little sister. He said he was going to vegas to get acid. I was methed to the gills (as I was in those days) and I didn't quite believe him. He says, "here take this" and gives me two tabs on paper. I put them away.... and at the last minute I jump in and go, "if you're taking my car to vegas I'm going with (we lived in socal so it wasn't so far)." I was pretty sure he wanted to fuck the last girl I dated. Although I wasn't with her I didn't want her fucking my drug dealer, she was to young, I felt kinda protective. so we headed to vegas. on I-15 I took one of the tabs.... didn't feel shit. I opened the sunroof in my car (i was in the passenger seat).... I started to notice the stars moving around in circles, on different planes.... like on a mobile above a baby carriage.... it was weird. he pulls over at a gas station in the middle of nowhere, he tells me "something's wrong with your car" at the time i'm thinking, "bullshit, this guy is so full of shit" but I didn't realize then that was the acid talking to me. "your radiator hose is blown. we can go to my friends trailer...." his friend had a trailer next to this lockheed air force base, top secret.... there was a guard tower and a fence all around it "trespassers will be shot with military force..." i've been to that trailer and met his friends there before so I said ok, in my mind, I thought he was making all this shit up so he can fuck my ex. whatever I thought, at this point. so we go down there.... and the trailer is completely abandoned. his friends had left some time ago. but they left their dog there, a big outdoor dog, short hair. but it was still alive running around the property. we went inside, and it's freezing cold. it's the middle of winter, and in the high desert that means super cold. the electricity was still on in the trailer, but there were no heaters, so we sat around the oven and turned it on (electric oven) for heat. it was so miserable I said "FUCK IT" and took the second tab. shortly thereafter the first thing I didn't notice is he snuck away my ex into some bedroom, but I didn't care. because the mirrors on the wall were waving, like a gentle breeze was blowing behind them. i was like, "holy fuck do you see this..." no of course not, nobody could. I was the only one on acid.. the mirrors were billowing.... the light in the room seemed to softly go from dim to brighter... the two girls I was with, their faces seemed to melt as I talked to them, like they were aging in fast foward. like indiana jones in the last crusade. i talked to my dealer, he looked like evil, a liar, the devil.... I could see his lies. when he talked to me I couldn't help but to chuckle and dismiss him, like don't even talk to me dude. you're filth. you're a liar. someone let the dog in at some point, and we became friends. to me it looked like pills were dropping out of it's ass. I felt so bad for the dog, I told him, 'don't worry, i'll come back for you, i'll never let you stay here' (i never came back). when the sun came up, I went outside. I noticed the trees and their branches looked perfectly symmetrical. it blew my mind. the sunrise was coming up and the world looked like an amazing cartoon, so beautiful, more real than real could ever be. in fact there was a pattern on EVERYTHING. it looks like.... those holograms on magazine covers from the 90's, that weird color changing silvery effect.... but perfectly symmetrical. like snowflake wallpaper laid on top of EVERYTHING, or kinda like a spider web..... so like stucco on a wall or the dots on your ceiling just line up perfectly. then the triple a guy showed up. turns out my radiator hose really did blow. we headed back to town after that... but that's a whole different story.','Check out the [Erowid experience vaults] (URL0), people post their experiences with various drugs, including if they mixed anything with them.', "Well, if you're interested, take a look at [Erowid] (URL1). It's a database of an enormouse amount of substances and each one has details and even expiriences of people who have used them. Everyone considering trying a drug, or wondering what it is like should take a look at this website.," "Five year olds don't need to know about this shit.