why is the price going up? Supply and demand. why not just use real money? Bitcoin is real money. Why not just trade gold coins? Why not trade living goats? Bitcoin is popular because it revolutionizes money.','First, what is "real money"? Do you mean the currency of your country? What about other currencies? In some countries they would rather have US Dollars or Euros because it is more stable than their own national currency. Also, do you mean cash? How about when you want to pay for a large purchase, like a car or a house, do you not use checks or bank transfer for instance? Yet, it is not actual money, but rather a "system that allows you to transfer money." And when you want to buy stuff online, do you use debit or credit card, or even vouchers or prepaid cards? This is definitely not real money. But you want convenience of a modern system designed to be used online. Also, savings, do you store bank notes under your mattress? Or maybe gold? Wait, gold is valuable and a great way to store value, but definitely not real money. Would you keep your savings on a bank account losing value every year because of inflation, or try to make it grow by buying stocks for instance? Stocks are definitely not real money either. Bitcoin is popular because it is answering many questions that are brought up by our modern globalized, connected world. Because there is a finite number of bitcoins, the simple rules of supply and demand apply: more demand, less supply, price goes up. Hope this helps.', "Bitcoin price is not very important but it's useful is SOME situation like sending money in an other country or online where physical cash cannot be used. Other existing methods can do that like Credit card and Western Unions but they charge big fees (3 to 20) and are restricted to some companies and countries and some products.... Those services often have fraud where the merchant lose both the product and the money. Bitcoin can be used by ANYONE, ANYWHERE, ANYTIME (midnight weekend?).... create your own wallet and try it! Those reasons make it attractive and supplydemand make the price move up a bit.,It has the technologic potential to be to cash what e-mail has been to regular mail. When I understood how the thing worked, it just blew my mind. From a programming prospective is pure genius. From computers all over the world elaborating apparently random numbers without trusting each other and in competition to each other for a reward, emerges a behaviour apparently confuse and unpredictable but so precise that is valued by many as money. And noone and everyone is in charge of it. I bought some as an investiment, but in reality I just laughed like a child when I made the first few transactions from the pc wallet to my phone wallet. Knowing that my transaction was in the memory of thousands of computers, that were competing each other to write it in a page of a digital ledger copied itself in thousands of computer. The whole thing distributed on the planet, open to everyone and based on the fact that noone trust noone, but the majority is honest. Just. Whoa. To me it seems something from a star trek like future.', "You cannot send real money like a 5 dollar bill through the internet. You can send it with Visa or something like that, but then you have to type 16 numbers, a expiration date, and usually give you name and address... With bitcoin you can just send 5 dollars with a click or two. Bitcoin's price doesn't matter to a buyer. You buy 10 dollars worth of Bitcoin is worth 10 dollars plus or minus a bit... So if 1 bitcoin is worth 600 dollars or 1000 dollars, 10 dollars worth of bitcoin is still going to be worth about 10 dollars worth of stuff, So price is effected a lot more by demand than demand is effected by price... It doesn't matter what decimal point of bitcoin we use to buy our coffee. It is still 4 dollars worth of bitcoin..," "Bitcoin allows people to do things that they cannot do with any other technology at the moment: Send money anywhere in the world, to anybody in the world, almost instantly, almost for free, and without going through a third party. Bitcoin allows you to transact with other people without needing to trust them. That Nigerian prince wants to send you 1000 for something, will you accept a bank transfer for what he is asking? No, because after you send what he wants, the transfer will be undone, and you will get nothing. Will you accept Bitcoin from this completely untrustworthy individual? Hell yes, because the transaction cannot be reversed, and it cannot be counterfeited. Bitcoin allows you to do micro transactions. Did you like that reddit comment? Tip the author 25 cents with a simple command. You don't need to know anything about him to transact. Bitcoin gives you full control of your wealth. If used properly, it cannot be confiscated, frozen, or denied access. Bitcoin allows for advanced features like digital contracts, notaries, etc. It is programmable money.