The word "frictionless" is a bit awkward here, because if the question is after what I think it's after then friction is important. If you roll something down a ramp it isn't simply falling. Instead, some of the energy is used to make the object spin. That won't happen if the ramp is frictionless, it'll just skid down it. However, if there is friction which allows the ramp to grip the object, (but not perhaps to resist its movement, which I suspect it was it means), then the object with the lowest rotational inertia will arrive first. Again there's a bit of a snag here, because if there's enough friction to spin a wheel, it's probably enough to stop a cube sliding. Never mind, let's assume it's a magic ramp. The cube would arrive first, because none of its potential energy is used to spin it, so all can be converted into kinetic energy. The hoop next, as its rotational intertia is low, then the disc, then the sphere. This is all rather vague, because it's not stated whether they have the same diameter, density, density distribution etc. BUT, as others have said, it it really is without ANY friction (including atmospheric drag) then they'll all arrive at the same time.','I believe your question comes with the implied "in a vacuum" as that's more or less what a friction-less ramp would require. As such they would all hit the ground at the same time.', "If the ramp is indeed frictionless, all four objects would hit the ground at exactly the same time. The weight of an object is equal to it's mass multiplied by the local gravitational field strength (9.81ms2). There is a reaction force from the ramp which is equal to the component of the weight perpendicular to the ramp (this stops the object from passing through the ramp), so the total force on the object is equal to the weight projected in the plane parallel to the ramp, which is the weight multiplied by the sin of the angle the ramp makes with the ground. (In the abscence of any other forces like friction or air resistance). The acceleration of the object is the force divided by the mass, and since the force is proportional to mass, the mass cancels and is irrelevant. The acceleration of each object down the slope depends only on the gravitational field strength and the angle of the slope. The shape of the object doesn't factor in at all if it is assumed that all the objects have settled into a stable configuration (i.e not balanced on a corner).