No, it's usually not that simple. Most countries that provide universal healthcare will still charge foreigners for any medical treatments or hospital visits they have while visiting the country (although the cost will usually be significantly less than the US rate charged to non-insured patients). That's why travellers are usually advised to get traveller's medical insurance before going on trips to other countries. You usually have to be at least a resident of the country before you qualify for free healthcare and sometimes you must be a citizen. It can take years to obtain citizenship in many countries but obtaining permanent residency is a little easier (though would still take months to apply for and often things like medical illnesses may disqualify you from applying).,In Canada, healthcare is managed by province. Each province has its own province-wide health planinsurance. Each person needs to be registered in that plan to get free healthcare. Otherwise the doctor would charge you for the visit, and hospital will bill you at discharge. Between provinces, there are minor differences as to what is and isn't covered, how long does a person have to live in the province before they can apply, etc. But you'll need to be a permanent resident or citizen, and a permanent address in the province to register in that plan. Depending on the province, it's not entirely "free" either. BC Ontario charge the health plan premium based on taxable income. (It's still much cheaper than USthe maximum is less than 1000 per person per year.) Drugs are usually not covered. Emergency care is available to everyone who walks in to ER, but the hospital will bill you. It's not that much cheaper than US. Besides, I doubt you can walk into ER and tell them you have cancer and expect them to treat you, free or otherwise. If you have cancer, than means you're not immediately dying, and the best you can hope for in a Canadian ER is a 4-hour wait and scheduled appointment 3 months into the future with the oncologist.','I remember a story of a guy who needed back surgery in the US, but they were charging him something like 150k for everything. Instead he went to Mexico and got the same top notch surgery that well off Mexicans (politicians, professionals, businessmen, etc) get. He got the surgery, spent 2 months in hospital, then he and his wife stayed at a nice resort for 2 more months and had a nurse visit him every day, then went back to the US relaxed and feeling better than ever. He paid around 50k all totaled. And the medication was incredibly cheap.', "Most national health insurance schemes have protections that ensure that people who immigrate pay into the system in order to get care. If you were clearly trying to immigrate purely to get cheaper healthcare on the Danish taxpayer's dime, your application would probably get rejected.