Saudi Arabia is in fact worse than ISIS - you cannot survive in it if you are not Sunni Muslim, they probably killed more people for having "wrong" faith than ISIS. US are strong allies of SA because of money. Both work together to stabilize oil prices, both worked together to fight communism, both have investments in each other. Also there are indications that Saudi government was connected to 911, and not including SA in this ban just shows how stupid trump is and how stupid are those americans who elected him.', "No one can really know besides trump himself, but here are the facts. Of the countries that major Muslim countries not affected by the immigration freeze Trump's family has significant business dealings in most of them. Of the countries that are directly targeted by the ban he has no ties to what so ever.,Oil. It is a huge supplier and we have a ton of business dealings with them. This is a complex question with complex answers so it obviously goes way deeper than that.','Basically, Trump just took the countries that DHS had already designated and used them for his EO. Copied and pasted from another place this was written. PEOPLE, please just read the orders, themselves. They're quite illuminating. The only foreign country mentioned in this executive order is Syria. So how did the whole idea of a "Muslim ban" with "seven countries" come about? It was actually already in law and those countries were designated by the Department of Homeland Security prior to Trump taking office. He didn't pick them. President Obama temporary halted immigration from Iraq under the same legal provision just a couple of years ago. It's incredible what one learns when one does one's own research. ..."to ensure that adequate standards are established to prevent infiltration by foreign terrorists or criminals, pursuant to section 212 (f) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1182 (f), I hereby proclaim that the immigrant and nonimmigrant entry into the United States of aliens from countries referred to in section 217 (a) (12) of the INA, 8 U.S.C. 1187 (a) (12), would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, and I hereby suspend entry into the United States, as immigrants and nonimmigrants, of such persons for 90 days...,'Simple geopolitics. In 1979 the Iranian Revolution replaced the Imperial State of Iran with the Shiite theocratic state of the Islamic Republic of Iran, which took no time in stating that it hated the United States. It also took no time in stating that it hated the Sunni Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Thus a cold war developed in the Middle East between Saudi Arabia and Iran. A cold war which the Saudis decided to ally themselves with the US. Thus when the US decides to ban people from the Middle East, they will include the enemy and not the ally.