Doctor here, prepare for disappointment (that's how I start all clinic visits, btw). The disappointing thing is that this isn't well understood. That said, there are still some interesting things to think about so let's begin. There are two very different broad categories that could explain what is happening: 1) Emotional synesthesia. Think of the nervous system like an electrical system. Neurons are like wires that carry signals to different parts of the brain for processing. Some of these wires are known to be well-insulated and carry signals well. For example, the neurons that report light touch in the fingertips are very accurate. Other neurons are poorly insulated and the signals cross. That is why it is hard to localize pain in your gut. A pain signal from your colon can get mixed up with pain from your small intestine or even gallbladder. The physical feeling of a 'sinking heart' associated with sadness could be caused by these crossed wires. There are extreme examples of these "crossed wires" in synesthesia, where people see sound and hear color. However this type of thing occurs on a more subtle level in other people and this MAY be an example of emotional synesthesia where we physically feel emotion. 2) Actual sensation. The emotion of sadness may actually cause physical changes that we can feel. It is known that sadness can cause weakening of the heart, causing the bottom of the heart (confusingly called the 'apex to balloon out and weaken. This is called Takasubo cardiomyopathy. Perhaps sadness could cause subtle changes in the chest area that we can actually sense, leading to this sensation of a sinking heart. As you can see, these two potential explanations describe very different mechanisms, one involving physical change and one purely neuronal. That is the level to which we don't understand this process. We don't even know the broad mechanism. I read some other comments here and I am concerned because they present speculation as fact. For example, [this comment] (URL0) throws around a lot of unnecessary jargon that sounds like an explanation but they never identify how little is actually known about this subject. The mark of a knowledgeable comment is that it clearly defines the boundary between what is known and unknown. BONUS TOPIC: Here is something fun to think about. If the sensation is truly due to crossed wires, is that a defect in our bodies or is this a feature that was selected for? There could be a benefit of having a physical sensation of sadness to accompany the emotional sensation. By using dual negative stimuli, individuals are more likely to avoid situations that cause sadness. Perhaps this topic isn't disappointing as it shows how much good science there is left to be done.', "The feeling in your chest has been studied in the context of heartbreak and getting dumped before, and it's likely a similar set of processes involved. The part of the brain that reacts in that case (heartache) is actually the same part of the brain responsible for physical pain, so it's interpreted as actual pain. Stress hormones also have a tightening effect on your muscles that contribute to the hollow chest feeling.,A friend of mine is going through some tough times of her own, and recently posted something about it that I thought was really beautiful. "Grief, I've learned, is really just love. It's all the love you want to give, but cannot. All of that unspent love gathers in the corners of your eyes, the lump in your throat, and the hollow in your chest. Grief is just love with no place to go., "Vagus nerve (Cranial Nerve X) - it's connected by the brain stem into the sections of the brain that handle social stuff, has to be to manage both high alert and caring simultaneously, like in the case of male prairie voles protecting their young (that species being the standard animal model for familysocial relations) - you have to be able to change heart settings quickly to do that job. That nerve is surprisingly involved in mammalian social behavior and the limbic circuits. The reason you get get that feeling you heart is the same reason you get pain on other things connected to the same nerve when you get a toothache. Look up Dr. Porge's polyvagal theory some time: URL1," "OP, yesterday I buried one of my absolute best friends from college. She died in the ER waiting room of a blood clot in the brain. Went unconscious at the doctor and then was just gone. I am so, so sorry OP. I've buried a lot of people in my 23 years, but Katy has been the most difficult. We just have to remember, uTrunks572, that while our friends can no longer be active in our lives, their lives will always continue on in our memory. We hold a bit of them in us, they just can no longer actively contribute. Humans are balls of clay, my dear man or woman; we're passed into the hands of whomever we meet. Most of the times they leave just a fingerprint; sometimes, a bit of an impression. But every once in awhile, we meet someone who completely changes a bit of us, or all of us, and we'll always have that. I'll always have Katy, and you'll always have your friend.,Weirdly enough stress hormones can actually cause pretty severe chest pain, cause heart muscles to enlarge and very closely mimic the symptoms of a heart attack. Takotsubo cardiomyopathy (AKA broken heart syndrome) is pretty interesting: URL2 Not sure if this is related to the pain of "regular" heart ache or not, but it does sorta show how emotional responses can physically effect your body.',To your brain, getting hit in the chest with a sledgehammer and losing someone you love are the same kinds of pain. It doesn't care where the pain comes from; it just knows when you hurt." That's about the simplest way I could explain it.', "Broken heart syndrome, also called stress-induced cardiomyopathy or takotsubo cardiomyopathy, can strike even if you're healthy. (Tako tsubo, by the way, are octopus traps that resemble the pot-like shape of the stricken heart.) Everything I've learned about illness, I've learned from watching Scrubs," "Can't answer this directly, but as someone who lost their best friend years ago to suicide, it's a horrible, horrible feeling. If you need to talk to someone who's been through terrible loss, I assure you that it won't get necessarily better to the point of being completely ok later, but you learn to live with it, learn to appreciate the time you had and all of the lessons about life and love that came from it. It may feel like it's swallowing you whole right now. That's normal and to be expected. Just don't stuff your feelings down and avoid the grieving process. I did for years. Only until I faced it did I start to actually start to cope. If you need to inbox me, please feel free to at any time. You'll probably feel a lot of things that aren't comfortable at some point. I know I was angry at her for awhile for leaving, which led to horrible guilt and shame for feeling that way. It's normal. I feel guilty now that I don't remember exactly what her voice sounds like anymore. I remember her accent and things she used to say, but not her voice, and I feel like an awful friend because of it. I know it's not logical, but feeling often aren't. Just don't feel like you have to deal in silence. I won't judge. Either way... It will get easier with time. Best of luck.