In the beginning, we had trade. A farmer could trade milk from his cow to another farmer for eggs from the chickens. This is all well and good until that cow farmer wants to buy blankets from a weaver who wants eggs - he then needs to find eggs before he can get the blanket. Even worse, if that crafter wants a single steak, you can't just cut one piece off without killing the whole cow and you can't keep the beef around very long without refrigeration. To solve this problem, you find something that everyone wants because it can be traded for milk, eggs, beef blankets. This happened in many societies around the world and it generally ended up being formalized as "money" with coins made out of precious metals. When you remember that the value of money used to be based on trading precious metals (gold, silver, etc), the advent of the coin seems pretty obvious. It's a standardized quantity of the metal with markings on it that show it's from a source that can be trusted on size purity. Paper's a bit more difficult but, the basic idea is that it's an IOU for some quantity of those same coins at a later date - again from a source that can be trusted to keep their word. Metal coins are heavy and bulky, especially in large quantities, so having a slip of paper that is easier to handle as a proxy is clearly desirable. The transition from those basic ideas to where we are today with fiat currency is a bit trickier but the basic concepts should be easy to understand.','These things are easy to make, easy to carry, easy to recognize, small, lightweight, hard to counterfeit cheaply,... Thousands of years of experiments with other things have given us the best solution so far proposed. Certainly a lot better than those Bitcoins that lost almost half their value this week.','The earliest trading was done through bartering, where physical items or labor was directly exchanged (i.e. you give me 30 apples and I'll give you my address). Because items can be hard to transport, it was easier to carry a small amount of a very valuable good to trade with, such as gold or silver. As usage of intermediaries such as gold and silver increased, they begin to be coined into standardized amounts so it would be easier to quickly tell how much gold or silver you had. The shape of a coin is highly practical because it has a large surface area per amount of materiel and round shapes are very easy to create. Paper currency arose from "notes," I.O.U.s. reputable persons or businesses engaging in regular or large transactions did not always but with currency, but rather often on credit. A chest doll of gold is still hard to transport and is at risk of bring stolen, so if I wanted to but a while lot of doors from you I might write "I owe you 2,000 gold coins" on a piece of paper and give it to you. As long as you trust me to pay, this is better than logging around 2,000 physical gold coins. You might later want to buy a lot of spice from me and similar give me a piece of paper that says "I owe you 1,500 gold coins." When we decide to settle up, I need to only transport and risk 500 actual gold coins. When people began using banks to store their physical currency, they could get a note from the bank saying they were good for that amount. They could then give the note to anyone who could then go to the bank and withdraw the physical gold if they wanted. Banks issues their own notes, and as they grew larger the notes were used more widely by more people. Eventually governments became involved and would issue a single standardised paper now that would be good for anywhere they governed.','Paper and cloth are cheaper and easier to print and cut in square sheets. Coins are easy to stamp and mint in circles and use less material. Also square coins have edges that would be uncomfortable in a pocket.