The comments about pus being a byproduct of infection and inflammation are quite right, although it's worth remembering that the creation of pus is specifically related to clearing infection from the body. White blood cells are attracted to the site of disease through processes like chemotaxis (migrating to sites that have high levels of chemicals either released by bacteria, or released by other white blood cells), and pus is formed as they engulf bacteria and then lysedestroy them. All of the dead blood cells, bacteria and other breakdown products are what form pus (and by weight it's almost all white blood cells). Like most processes relating to infection, you can have too much of a good thing, and while the inflammatory response is necessary for healing, pus building up to the visible levels the OP is thinking of is a sign that infection is not under control. If pus collects into an abscess, it's best to drain it away - even if you are on antibiotics, the pH changes considerably in the middle of an abscess, and antibiotics may not penetrate to the middle or work as well. The belief that pus was necessary to healing is an old one, so the question is common - "laudable pus" was though to be a good part of healing and so encouraged until fairly recently in medical history! Source: infectious diseases physician.', "It's basically formed of dead white blood cells. When you get a wound that ends up being infected your body sends loads of white blood cells to target and eat the bacteria. Many of the white blood cells end up dying either due to old age or because the bacteria release chemicals that kill them. So it doesn't serve a'function' so much as it is a by-product of some types of bacterial (or fungal) infection.," "Like many said, it doesn't aid in wound healing. It is a by-product of your body fighting an infection and can actually inhibit wound healing. Too much pus can cause a wound to get stuck in the Inflammation Stage of wound healing. The dead bacteria (if gram release endotoxins and there are other inflammatory chemicals and whatnot floating around which don't help to heal the wound. Trapped pus can form an abscess, and sometimes a cyst when your body tries to wall off the infection. Also, wounds heal best in a moist environment. Too much pus and other liquids (called exudate) can lead to the breakdown of the surrounding healthy skin. Edit: thanks ucclugston13 for correcting me about cysts.... I know mostly about chronic wounds, not so much other health related things. For those curious about moist wound healing- google up Dr. George Winter. This approach is used for many chronic wounds and is very successful. Healthy individuals with small wounds generally don't need this type of wound environment to heal, but it would still help it heal faster, but healthy people heal so fast that it really is more trouble than it's worth. Neosporin plus band-aid is generally too much moisture and leads to maceration- the breakdown of healthy skin (when your skin starts turning white and wrinkly). Source: product development specialist for wound dressing company.," "It's like the cleanup after the war. You don't want any dead bodies lying around cuz then people would get sick. So you all put the corpses in one place and seal it off from the rest of the community. No one gets sick. And some outside force should drain the deadpool or else the dam might break and infect everyone.," "Pus is a mixture of bacteria, toxic proteins, dead tissue, and white blood cells. It's basically what's left after your body fights off an infection. In most cases the body will absorb the pus and dispose of it, but in some cases it can form an isolated abscess which the body cannot drain on its own.,I would say pus is more of an outcome than a function, it is mostly made up of dead white blood cells which are the result of your body trying to fight an infection.', "Not a doctor or anything, but I want to add that pus surrounds whatever the offending foreign body is. This allows it to be ejected from the body.... Think popping a pimple. I once brushed my bare foot by a wicker basket. My toe hurt to walk on for weeks afterwards, but it looked normal. One day I squeezed it for a while and eventually out came a sliver of wicker. Hadn't even realized the connection until that point. My foot felt normal after that. Thank you pus.,Pus is dead neutrophils (a type of white blood cell). They are one of the first to arrive at the scene of injury. They release cytokines to attract other white blood cells to the scene and thus amplify the immune response. Not only are they the first to respond, but they are also the first to die. When they die, they become pus! The yellow-greenish color comes from the copper in the neutrophils.','Follow up: why is some pus gooey and gross and other pus hard?', "If you think of your immune system as your body's military, pus is basically a battlefield after a battle it's a giant pile of the corpses of white blood cells (your body's soldiers) and the bacteria they were sent to fight. It's indicative that your body's military force is intervening and taking care of the problem, but if the pile of corpses gets too big, that might indicate that your side is getting overwhelmed by the bacteria.," "OK. I'm going to actually explain this to a small child. The pus is there because when you get a cut there's bad germs and your body sends special white blood cells to the germs to kill it and keep your body safe. Then when the special white blood cells finish their job they turn into the pus.," "It's formed by white blood cells kamikazi-ing into bacteria and then the lumps forming together,The green colour of pus comes from the enzyme myeloperoxidase, abundant in neutrophils: white blood cells that travel to inflamed tissues and attack bacteria. Advia blood analysers use myeloperoxidade to count neutrophils. I pity anyone that uses one of those piles of crap and has to deal with the arrogant reps. Gold standard white cell differential, my arse!','Is this the same thing for a cyst or a zit or pimple?','Follow up: Then why do we have pimples with puss on our face from eating junk? I wouldnt think our body is fighting any infection there?', "Its a combination of whiteblood cells macrophages and bacteria. The white blood cells and macrophages are attracted to the site of infection. If its small and just bacteria they essentially consume the bacteria and are excreted through the wound or into the pore. If its caused by a larger issue such as a foreign body they surround it and consume the bacteria forming a barrier to help prevent further infection entering the tissue and blood. Puss and blood can also form a scab on the surface of wounds which helps prevent more bacteria from entering the wound. Im a nurse. Its a basic understanding. I learnt way more in bio101 but tbh I've never needed a more in depth understanding of that particular mechanism.,Pus is dead white blood cells. It indicates an infection because there are white blood cells present (an immune response).', "A few years ago I was swimming in the sea in Croatia when I slammed my hand into a big sea urchin, covered in hundreds of brittle spines. Hurt like hell, couldn't get them out. Next day I was contemplating hospital or doctor treatment but I was on an island off another island so I left it. Anyway, it got red and infected on the third day and, due to the build up of a tiny bit of pus around each spine, I was able to squeeze them all out and it was like new the day after. Bodies are well designed.,To be extremely blunt, it serves no purpose in healing wounds as anything other than a byproduct. Pus is, very simply, a bunch of goo that is made up of dead things that your body killed and some of the white blood cells that killed them.','A medical practice that should be considered more often is sterile maggot abridement in active infected open wounds. Wound cleansing by maggots is precise, sterile, and works 247 under special bandages.','Puss is the bodies of the fallen solders your body sends to fight infection. Specifically, puss is the build up of dead white blood cells.', "5 is a little early to learn about da puss, isn't it?,If pathogens are the bad guys and white blood cells are the good guys, pus is the dead bodies of both of them after during the fight. White blood cells work by basically eating pathogens, but if the infection is very wide spread the will eat until they gorge themselves until they burst. When they burst they release partially digested pathogens back into the system that are less infectious that what they originally ate. That is basically what pus is. Now this is like on a cellular level and cells are tiny. If you can see like a little bit of pus, like a zit, you can imagine that this is millions of white blood cell remains. Generally speaking if the "war" is going this wide spread, the infection is pretty serious. You have to imagine white blood cells like policemen picking up little pathogens here and there all over your body all the time, so when you have a large concentrated area of large infection like a wound or something like a clogged pour, especially one clogged with a foreign object like a tiny rock or piece of dust, your body sends tons of white blood cells into fight the long fight. And that long fight definitely racks up a toll. Pus is the evidence of the wars toll and is generally an indication that the war is both very big and not exactly winning won yet, only on going with many large battles still on going. This is why generally if a wound has pus it is considered very serious because it's an indication that your body is fighting as hard as it can to fight the infection and struggling. This is why you treat cuts and scrapes with antibiotics like alcohol, hydrogen peroxide, etc. to prevent things from ever getting to this stage. It's also very hard on your body to have your immune system in like war mode for an extended period of time. Basically you are fighting the infection and pathogens on the outside of your body while your immune system fights it on the inside so the bad guys are fighting a war on two fronts. Your lymph nodes only have so much capacity to make white blood cells and it's important to note that even if your body is fighting a big war with an infection in your body, it's also still policing your body like normal too. If the fight is too long and hard somethings going to give, either your body won't be able to fight the existing infection and start losing ground or more commonly small infections your body would have been able to fight easily will now be too difficult to stop from growing by your over taxed immune system. Think of it like finals week when your procrastinate on your term papers until the last week of classes then a class throws a pop quiz at you that you can't study for because you've been putting all your time into your term papers you put off too long.','The function of pus in a healing wound is, apparently, to make YouTube videos that so many sick bastards (myself included front and centre) seem to like.','Puss is the bodies of the fallen solders your body sends to fight infection. Specifically, puss is the build up of dead white blood cells.','I recently was bit by a feral child at work. It broke the skin. Pus came out a couple days later. Cool story, Hansel.','Maggots clean wounds, right? Wonder if that would hurt. Yuck.