Teeth don't have cells. Healing takes place when cells divide to replace cells that were lost. Your teeth were grown inside your body and then pushed out. Our DNA is only programmed to do this with 2 sets. Source: upanzerkampfwagen,Teeth are generally acellular - that is, they are not composed of living (or dead, for that matter) cells, unlike, say, bone. The enamel and dentine for a tooth are laid down during development. As such, they don't (indeed, can't) heal, but in most animals (non-mammalian), they can be replaced. Most mammals, however, have only two generations of teeth As for why we don't continually grow teeth, like sharks, for example, it probably has to do with our tooth structure. Mammals have what are called "thecodont" teeth - that is, teeth which lie in sockets. Socketed teeth are stronger and can withstand shearing forces (relative to the jaw), which is a good thing, since this allows us to chew (side-to-side jaw motion). The problem is, in order to affix the tooth so it doesn't pop out of its socket, a type of cement has evolved to hold the tooth in place. Like much of the rest of the tooth, this cement is acellular, and there is no physical contact between the tooth proper and the jaw. So, we get the benefits of chewing our food, but the disadvantage of having teeth isolated from any living tissue (with the exception of the pulp and nerves running through the center of each tooth), which when lost, are lost for good (the second time around, anyway). In most cases, barring accident or excessive sugary snacks, the cement is strong enough to fix the tooth in place for the lifetime of the animal.','They repair constantly. Just some repairs are too big to recover from. Acid and bacteria eat away at your teeth surfaces everyday, demineralizating them. Your saliva has repair material in it as does fluoride toothpaste. So with normal use, the teeth recalcify. But with too much acid andor too much bacteria...the teeth cannot recover through chemical process alone. Once decay sets in...','Our teeth aren't bones, they have an entirely different structure. The tooth enamel, which is the hard exterior of the tooth, is much harder than bone, and is generated by a type of cell called "ameloblast," which is present only during tooth development. You can read more about it [here] (URL0).','As a second year dental student currently studying for boards (although now procrastinating), I feel like I need to chime in here. Unfortunately I'm seeing lots of misinformation Teeth actually are able to heal themselves and are constantly laying down new tooth structure until the day you die (or until the tooth is lost). Here the catch: only the inner "layer" of tooth structure, known as dentin, is able to grow. Problem is that it growsforms very slowly and only it grows inward, reducing the size of the pulproot canal rather than growing outward to reform the tooth you lostchippeddecayed away. Also, the tooth can sense a cavity or threat coming close to the pulp, so it will produce this new dentin to "protect" the pulp from the incoming decaythreat Remineralizing your tooth isn't exactly healingre-growing it. The first step in a cavity forming is a demineralization of your enamel (imagine a concrete column with rebar in it. "demineralizing" the column would be washing away the concrete while leaving the rebar intact). If you catch the tooth at this point, fluoride and other minerals can remineralize the tooth structure (put the concrete back around the rebar) and stop the formation of a true cavity. Following the analogy, a true cavity would be concrete washing out and then the rebar being worn away. Therefore you can only "heal" tooth structure that was perviously there and now is demineralized. Fluoride or any other remineralizing agent cannot help you if you chip or fracture a tooth Also fluoride doesn't make your enamel harder, it makes it less soluble to acids that normally dissolve away enamel (this will probably be a boards question) ', "Im surprised no one has mentioned remineralization (sp?) There's even a prescription for it I think. Basically with the correct diet teeth can heal themselves.,The funny thing is they kinda do. My old dentist would always tell me "Ah, you have a blackspot on your teeth here, when you clean your teeth give it an extra scrub here." I think up until a certain point, holes can be reversed.', "A lecturer in one of my university units had this as a pop quiz question. He said the main reason was because your teeth don't receive any blood