It's just a cost issue. A lot of luxury cars have them already. As the price drops we will see them more in cheaper cars.,As someone who has flown with a HUD, I can see why they aren't used everywhere. We'll start with the design of such displays. The fancy little glass you see atop an airplane's panel has a sizable projector underbehind it. The glass has no circuitry in it, it's just a way of turning that light towards one's eyes. The bigger the display, the bigger the projector. Furthermore, this projector is designed with infinite relief and focus. When you see the 5 degree down tick on a HUD, everything on that line is EXACTLY 5 degrees down from any position where that tick is visible. This isn't a simple thing to do and takes a special projection, programming, and testing to ensure an accurate view. Pilots need infinite relief in tactical jets so they don't have to think of their head position to get an correct view of the display over the world. This ability isn't necessary when you're not displaying attitude information, and in most aircraft it's not really critical to have the other information in one's face. The downside of this is the limited visibility range of this display. If its projection is only 10 degrees wide, you aren't going to see a damn thing if you're 15 degrees offset from the display. Movies don't accurately portray this. HUDs generally show A LOT of information. It takes training to be able to use one effectively and it can easily suck you in to the point where you ignore the outside world. You might as well be looking down at an instrument panel at this point. We have settings to change their modes and declutter them to prevent information overload. All this tech leads to a big, heavy, and expensive device that has to be used from a specific viewpoint and requires training for the average person to use. Still think you need these capabilities for other tasks? Read on. "Flat" HUDs exist, that simply display an image that isn't infinitely projected into the world. Unlike in a proper HUD, one has to take focus off the outside and focus on the display to see the number. It might as well be a separate screen or dial. The expense and complication is not justified. It could be useful in a car. Some cars do have this sort of display. They aren't cheap, and how many people crash cars looking at speedometers who wouldn't crash using a HUD? GPS display would be great, but trust me, it would really distract a majority of drivers to the point of crashing. Again, a data heavy HUD only enhances functionality for people who wont be overwhelmed by one. Many people can't get past the data constantly in their view and forget that there's an outside world. Even fighter pilots have to occasionally turn their heads away from displays to unwind a bit. [Information overload is actually a well noted risk for cockpits in general, and is worse with helmet-mounted displays.] (URL1). These are well trained people who's intellect, coordination, and spatial awareness are, on-average, superior to the general population. Think a transparent computer screen is any benefit to you? They look great in movies with controlled lighting and perspectives. [They are impressive but not terribly clear in real life] (URL2). [Do you really want to pay the thousands of dollars it would currently cost just to project very basic information on your windows like you see in the Corning concepts?] (URL0) So who can justify the costs and complexities of these displays at their current level of tech? Anybody who needs unfamiliar information in motion. That's not going to be your typical office worker. It could be the mechanic who needs quick directions to a part in a stockroom or maintenance instructions overlaid on an engine. It's the firefighter who could use a map of a building or schematic of a car (firefighters already benefit from a great, super simple "HUD," lights at the periphery of their vision that indicate oxygen remaining in their tanks). It could be an ER surgical team getting the vitals of a patient who's being flown in. The bus driver with memorized routes doesn't need this. Neither does the guy entering data at a console, the retail worker, the line cook, the car mechanic, anybody in most positions of management, our school teachers nor their students, the pharmacist, even many scientists and engineers, salesmen, or hell, pilots. Sure, SOME of those may benefit, but they'd better be making a hearty profit or have an extreme safety need to justify the expenses of integrating HUDs into their jobs. In a few decades when this stuff could be commonplace, it might provide small productivity boosts with little development and purchasing cost. Right now, the use of HUDs for most work would be a waste of money and time. EDIT: Some proofreading.', "It's a cost issue. There are some premium (as in, expensive) motorcycle helmets that do have them like URL3 or URL4," "I got to tour a C-17 once at an Air Force base and I'm pretty sure someone there told me the HUDs in those aircraft cost 30,000 a piece. I'm assuming this includes the projector, the optics, and the computers that control the data. So not only can I guarantee you that what you see in cars like Corvettes and BMWs are extremely cheap knockoffs of what they have on military jets, but they'll also never be as good.,Corvettes have them and some Pontiacs did for a while as well.', "It's not so much about the cost even, since simple projection HUD's are actually quite cheap. It's more about the amount of info you can project on the screen directly in front of the drivers eyes without distracting him, as well as reliability of the system (after all the car's dashboard is prone to vibrations that can break a more sophisticated system). Yet some guys have done it, aside from mentioned Pontiac and Chevrolet before, [Citroen has been doing] (URL5) it for quite a while. Though Citroen has always been quite extravagant with their interior design.,The glass on the HUD on a F-18 is made of a special grown crystal. It costs upwards of 10k per pane. This is not cost effective for the average consumer.