Side question: Statistically, people with less money have more babies. What are things we can do as a society to further prevent this? Sex Education has been proven to reduce unwanted pregnancies, it's even more effective with poorer groups. Education in general is effective as well. SO if we wanted to reduce unwanted pregnancies the best way to do so is better schools.,Because they do. I have family on both my white side and my Hispanic side who do this. It isn't just having more kids either, it is also everyone acting like they have medical issues and becoming a "care giver" for everyone else. It is really sad to see this, I have plenty of cousins who my uncles give Zero fucks about. Typically what happens is they have a bunch of kids with some random girl then spend the welfare money on drugs until the state has to take away the kids. My uncle literally drove to another county to have one of his kids because had the baby been born in LA county it would have been taken away immediately. It is very sad because people like my family definitely ruin it for everyone else. So to answer your question the belief is accepted because it happens. My family isn't the only one that does it either. A lot of people have blind sympathy and assume that people couldn't really do this but it sadly happens a lot and those kids are usually set up for failure.','Honestly, because there are a few people who do manage to live on that little. It doesn't happen nearly as much as some would like you to believe, but it's there. Side question: I agree one hundred percent with Mason on this. People where I live (Mississippi) are so afraid of sex that they "just let them figure it out for themselves," which results in the huge amount of teen pregnancies in my area. Better education less earlyteenunwanted pregnancies.','In general, the average welfare recipient is a young, single black mother with a child. The next in line is a young, single white mother with a child. It starts getting more varied and mixed the further you go down the demographics. Generally, welfare is transitory and "works" in that most workers use it for a while then get themselves off it. For a minority, the so-called "welfare queens" do exist where they neglect their children with the lowest cost they can without CPS taking their kids, then they profit by having multiple children and combining the benefits into one pool. They can also stack the benefits by claiming caretaker status over other family members and claiming disability for themselves (disability is abused even more than welfare). It's similar to why slum lords exist. They provide the cheapest accommodations possible to collect lower rent or be in compliance with rent control. Then they make money by owning as many units as they can afford. If it doesn't work in volume, landlords would remodel and kick out all poor renters to upgrade to more lucrative condoduplex renters with higher income. So it's a balance between many poor renters making profit in the aggregate, or make more money with fewer, higher quality renters. So it's not a belief, it's real. But it's a stereotype that unfairly paints all welfare recipients. The average recipient is actually a single black or white mother. The race matters because there are comparably less Latino recipients, while much less are Asian or other. URL0','It's much easier to make a case against the welfaregovernment benefits system if you can demonstrate that there's a pattern of abuse. "We should changeabolish the welfare system because people take advantage of it" is a very straightforward argument. Lots of people don't like the welfare system for a variety of reasons, and some of them they'll take anything they can find to prove why it's bad. Class issues are also tied up in the mess, you're much more likely to think that it would happen if you already believe that poor people are lazy or whatever. It's impossible to verify whether or not the claim is accurate. You certainly can't go around asking people whether they had a kid just for the benefits or not. First off, it would be incredibly offensive to do so, and second, they'd just lie even if it were the case. There's no objective way to prove why someone had a child, period.', "I'm honestly surprised that you questioned this. Without a doubt, people do this. Maybe not intentionally, but after a few kids and a few checks..... it starts to look good to some people. It adds up, I know that my own mother was able to support her and I, and occasionally a boyfriend or two, on the money that she received for having me, disability checks, and whatever else she got into that I didn't know about. Parents can only claim so many kids on their taxes, but other family members can claim the rest, if the family is really that big.," "Because some people actually do. I personally know a woman who has 4 kids she had just to get money from the govt. this woman is a completely despicable piece of shit. She also recommended to her teenage daughter to go have sex with a random stranger, get pregnant, and get welfare, or give the baby to her mom so she could get welfare. I knew these people personally, and I have heard stories on others. A lot of people abuse welfare, but it's not the majority.," "So,my wife is a nurse. Her Co-worker is also a nurse. My Wife and I have 2 Children,and are married,the Co-worker has 6 of her own children,3 with her new husband. The Government gives them a grand a month in food supplement,even though she's a nurse and he's an ambulance driver. When the tax stimulus credit was given for families with children, they literally made bank.