Finding someone else to blame is a common human trait. Nazis and similar groups blame everything that's wrong on foreigners, wave the national flag, and talk about patriotism. It's a simple message for simple people.," "If you mean in Europe, it's a manifestation of reaction to poor economy plus anti EU feeling. In Greece, Golden Dawn fascists have risen, but at the same time the radical leftist Syriza has also risen. They both have an anti austerity platform but are on opposite ends of the spectrum.," "Economic crisis tends to cause the population to move to the opposite end of the political spectrum if they've been on one end for a while. Parts of Europe are having some economic woes because it's socialized programs can't be sustained by nonexistent economies (Greece, Portugal), and there's an amount of racialnational blame at the winners of the EU system (Germany, Netherlands, etc) and immigrants (from Africa Middle East).... that's easy fuel for a far-right nationalist party. Europe as a whole is moving right. OTOH, the United States is moving left after decades of being a bit to the right and income inequalities decaying infrastructure being the major problems. The right wing groups you're seeing in the US are mostly the last of the right wing going down kicking and screaming.,I can't speak for the rest of Europe (but I suspect this is a big reason there also), but here in Norway the biggest reason is non-western immigrants. Our right-winged parties are the toughest against immigration, while our center and left parties embrace "multi-culture-ism." Immigration is one of the biggest reasons (along some others) that our two most right-winged parties won the election last fall.', "Nazism really hasn't grown that much in recent years, but far right parties have grown in Europe due to growing euroskepticism (opposition to the European Union) among the population that isn't represented by the main parties. This sentiment is growing due to the euro debt crisis. With the exception of Golden Dawn in Greece, none of these parties are nazis or fascists.," "I've always wondered why they try to call parties like the Nazi's far right when in fact most of their policies fell in line with socialism and fascism