Traditionally, architects drew out the designs on semi-transparent paper. When it came time to copy these for the various people (City planers office, construction company, individual contractors) they used a photo sensitive paper coated in ferro-gallate gum. When exposed to light, this paper turns blue. By stacking the original drawing on top of this paper,and exposing it to a strong UV light, the blank areas would turn blue and the drawings are left white. This is also why blue prints would fade over time when left out in sunlight. They did change the process to use a chemical vapor bath and UV light, but the basic idea was the same. Edit - a Wiki link for you - URL0', "They no longer are. Blueprints were originally white lines on a blue background, then blue lines on a white background. It was copies of originals made on a blueprint machine, a process I don't really know but it stunk terribly of ammonia. The original paper drawings placed on a copy sheet, both were exposed to light and them processed chemically to create a copy. Now everything is black lines on white paper, it's just an ordinary xerographic copying, just on really big paper.,I work at a blue printing shop, and the traditional blueprints no longer exist pretty much. I have worked here almost two years and the only time we ever see the traditional blueprints is if someone is bringing in an old project to either get copied or scanned. The copies will be on either white, yellow, pink, blue or green bond with black text. We no longer even carry the traditional material. 4 mil Mylar is also an option for a lot of architects where the paper is like a thin plastic (transparent) and we print black ink on it. But these are expensive; a set of 20 sheets of Mylar is roughly 285 dollars. Architects are moving towards electronic blue printing. Very often we are asked to print and then scan (to scale) their plans. This will range from a single sheet 24x36 (or higher specifically 30x42 or 36x48) to a set of 400 sheets 24x36. We get a lot of tree trunks in here', "It's because of the paper. The blueprints are technically duplicates of the original drawing. The blue paper is the contact paper that goes under the original. So it's usually white on blue.