The heart of an engine is the cylinders and pistons. This is where the fuel is burned and converted into mechanical energy and heat. All the other parts of the engine support this process in some way. The cycle starts with the piston up and both valves closed. The piston begins to descend, and the intake valve opens. This allows in a mixture of air and gasoline vapor. When the piston reaches the bottom, the intake valve closes and it starts to go back up, compressing the fuelair mixture. When the piston reaches the top again, the spark plug fires and ignites the fuelair mixture, as it burns it expands and forces the piston down. This is where the power comes from. When the piston reaches the bottom, and starts back up, the exhaust valve opens and the burnt fuelair is pushed out by the piston rising. The exhaust valve closes as the piston reaches the top and the cycle starts again. The most important system apart from the actual cylinders and pistons is the powertrain. It transfers the engine's power to the road. It starts with the pistons, they connect to a crankshaft that turns their back-and-forth motion into rotation. This then connects to the transmission, which allows the wheels to spin at a wider range of speeds than the speed range at which the engine can run. This then connects to the differential, which allows the wheels to spin at different speeds in order to turn smoothly, then this connects to the axles and wheels. The other end of the crankshaft connects to the camshafts (these open and close the engine valves) via the timing belt. It's called the timing belt because the valves have to be synchronized with the pistons for the engine to run. It has another belt pulley on it that drives other stuff like the radiator fan, alternator, power steering pump and air conditioning compressor. The air coming into the engine starts at the air intake and air filter, this keeps debris out. It then goes to the intake manifold, which distributes it to the cylinders. Right before the intake valve, fuel injectors inject vaporized fuel into it. The fuel system is pretty simple, there's a low-pressure pump in the gas tank that pushes it through a line to the engine, then a high-pressure pump that forces it through the injectors. What ignites the fuelair is the spark plugs, they use a high-voltage electric spark. This electricity comes from an alternator, a small generator driven by the engine. A coil raises the low voltage provided by the alternator to high voltage that can make a spark. The distributor uses the engine's rotation to time the firing of the spark plugs. The alternator also charges the battery. The battery's main job is to power the starter motor, which starts the engine. The alternator and battery also power all the car's other electric devices. The burning of the fuel produces a lot of heat, so the engine has to be cooled. It has coolant channels running all through it, and hoses leading to the big radiator at the front of the engine compartment. A pump circulates coolant in a loop between the engine, where it heats up, and the radiator, where it's cooled. The motion of the car forces air through the radiator to cool the coolant, as does a large fan driven by the engine. The coolant also goes through a mini-radiator called the heater core, this provides hot air to the inside of the car (and this is why there's no heat before the engine warms up). The coolant can't be allowed to freeze, so it includes a chemical called antifreeze that has a very low freezing point. The engine also needs oil to keep parts from rubbing against each other and eventually getting stuck. It collects in the bottom of the engine and is pumped all through the cylinders, crankshaft, and camshafts to lubricate them. Sometimes you need to add more, sometimes you need to change it out completely. Finally, you have the exhaust system. The exhaust valves lead to the exhaust manifold, which collects the exhaust from all the cylinders int a single pipe. This goes to the catalytic converter which cleans the exhaust, then to the muffler which makes it quieter, then finally to the tailpipe. Then there are a lot of other systems that aren't directly related to the engine like brakes, AC, power steering etc. You'll see parts of these systems under the hood as well.," " Hello, I'm vaguely familiar with how a car's motor works but I'd like to understand it better, and understand the function of the specific parts. I'm gonna do my best here Also, when I'm at a car show or something, people are always showing off what's under the hood. What are people looking at when they do this? They might be looking at the engine block, which is a huge metal structure that contains the engine. They might be looking at the number of cylinders (there's a wire going up from every cylinder in succession if you are have trouble finding that. Changes made to the car's engine such as the Turbo could also be here. I can't really tell much from one to the other except possibly the amount of cylinders. Thanks in advance!,uTheHumbleHunter thanks, but what is the significance of looking at these? Like what is the difference between a small block and a big block? (Beside the obvious size difference, the difference in function?)