Let's say you owe someone 100 dollars because you needed money for a video game. And you agree to pay him 11 dollars a week for 10 weeks. He gives you the money because he knows in 10 weeks he'll have 10 more dollars. So he goes over to your house and he's like.... This game is awesome I want it now. But I only have 50 dollars right now cause I gave you so much money. So you say.... Okay I will give you 50 dollars right now and then I'll pay you 10.50 every week for 5 weeks. He's like "But then I'll only make a extra 2.50." And your like TOUGH this game is awesome. Refinancing is the same idea in that your renegotiating a loan. Depending on your circumstance the deal can be better. For example let's say because of that subprime thing.... you've got a loan for a 500,000 dollar house and your house is only 100,000. A smart person would be like.... HELL noes I'll just walk away from that loan (This would be BAD for your credit score btw) and you can keep the cheap house. In this case the bank will probably want to give you a better deal because they'll loose lots of money. Another ways is that the bank will want to make more money over a longer period of time. They'll say "Since you house is increasing in value. It's like your making more money." Or you can save the money every month and use it for retirement. Both of these statement can be true or false depending on your situation but generally speaking the quicker you pay of a loan the less money you'll waste on it. If the bank agrees to give you a different loan regardless if it's better or worst for you it's not that bad on your credit score. Because the bank did it's more or less okay.... But there will be a record that you refinanced something.','There are two reasons to refinance: 1) lower your interest, 2) get cash. If you bought your house a while ago, you got an interest rate based on the risk the bank took - equity in the house (how much the bank will get if they have to repossess the house), and your credit worth (probability you will be able to make the payments). After years both factors change - you have more equity (assuming you didn't take a hit in the recession) plus you paid off part of the loan, and based on your payment history and income- you might be more likely to make payments. So your bank or a different bank might say: "Let me pay off your loan, and I will lend you the money at a lower interest." Less interest you save money. Second scenario probably doesn't fit your situation, but when people have equity in their house, and they need (or want) some spending cash - they can refinance the house and cash out. A bank will pay off their original loan, and lend them more money using the house as a collateral. They will give you the money to spend as you wish. Not a very smart way to manage your finances, unless it is absolutely necessary. If you refinance to lower your interest - there is really no risk. It might lower your credit score temporarily, but it will not lower your ability to get credit. Two things: First, refinance cost you in closing costs, so make sure that the savings outweigh the cost. Second, if one bank is willing to refinance your loan at X interest - it is possible that another bank will be willing to refinance it at X-1 rate, so shop around.