the bureaucracy is certainly a part, as is the poverty and years of unappreciated effort. Turk and JD spend?5? years being poor nobodies who work exceptionally long hours, and then suddenly realizing that they have some autonomy and have to direct themselves, the transition from residents to doctors to senior staff is very well dramatized and really reflects the early career of physicians well. When the medicine is demonstrated, it is demonstrated accurately enough, but as brownribbon pointed out, it takes a backseat to the story telling, and so is not defaced in the name of drama. Most of medical practice is office work, not direct patient care, and scrubs captures that well. It is an office where you stand all day and deal with patients for a hurried few hours, and paper work and personalities all the rest. The roles of the different people are also very well done. While taken to comedic extremes, you really see the different functionaries in a hospital and how their roles create conflicts. Most office shows get this wrong because they don't take it seriously enough to 1 make it consistent, and 2 make it central to the character. In scrubs the vast majority of the interactions can be explained as, "it is my job description." And, those job descriptions are real.', "Unlike shows such as ER, Grey's Anatomy, or House, Scrubs is a comedy and the actual medicine takes a backseat to the show's content doesn't really have a role in what makes it funny. Those other shows are dramas and much of the drama comes from the doctors working to solve a patients ailment. This focus results in some liberties being taken for the sake of keeping the audience interested.,Reality is humor and tragedy combined. Scrubs very well portrays how humor is often used to cope with the awful things people in the medical field often deal with. Other shows are usually 99 drama, and real life is basically never like this, even with the most serious and morose professions.','Another point is that everyone has their roles. In scrubs, the doctors order stuff and do their procedures. The nurses do theirs and so on. On House, the doctors draw blood, run CT scans, and perform surgery in the same episode. It cuts out extra actors but no doctor is going to do everything from admission to discharge on 1 patient', "I would describe it as Scrubs portrays Medicine the way The Office portrays the paper business. It's all tertiary to the story.,In addition to what other people have said, Scrubs also highlights common occurrences in hospital like a TV show doing a special on a killer disease and the waiting room immediately filling up with people who are sure they have it, none of whom actually do.', "Creator Bill Lawrence leaned heavily on his college friend Dr. Jonathan Doris as the inspiration for the show, as well as a technical advisor. Combined with the fact that the show didn't use medical condition or treatments as a main plot device and I think we ended up with a more realistic show.,Green Wing ] (URL0) is also pretty good, if you like British comedy.