Pickups are used heavily by small businesses, small businesses don't tend to upgrade until they have to - in this case "until they have to" usually means "until it's not economical to repair the truck" Unlike with a family car, which you may change every 2-5 years, a company will generally buy a pickup either new or nearly new, then just run it until it doesn't go any more.... it's only being used to haul stuff around, there's no upgrade requirement: it either runs or doesn't, and by the time it doesn't it's usually scrap. This means there aren't many running high mileage trucks up for sale. Combine this with good demand for used trucks (because they're useful enough that at 3000, everyone would just get one) and the price goes up. In short: lots of people want a truck, and nobody sells theirs once they have it. Low supply and high demand pushes prices up.', "Trucks have much more utility than a mini Cooper, generally speaking. The mini gets great mpg but a truck can tow, go off road, transport large items, etc. Their utility keeps them pricey. If you can scrounge together the it's worth it to get a new one. You can usually talk salesmen down a good bit.,Something I don't see anyone mentioning is the "Cash for Clunkers" program passed in 2009. It gave significant cash discounts for people to replace vehicles with under 18 MPG efficiency with vehicles that had 22 MPG or better fuel efficiency. All vehicles traded in under the program had to have their engines destroyed. The purpose of the program was twofold. One, it was supposed to replace older inefficient vehicles on the roads. Two it was supposed to provide an economic stimulus. However one of the unintended side effects was that it permanently reduced the inventory in used truck market. Roughly 665,000 vehicles were traded in and destroyed; these consisted largely of SUVs (most notably the Ford Explorer) and trucks (especially Ford F-150s a Chevy C 1500s). Prior to this trucks weren't keeping their value especially well. After this the prices for used trucks skyrocketed. I ended up looking for a used truck in 2010 and found that most makes and models were retaining up to 80 of their new value for up to five years. The market for used trucks has gotten quite a bit better then that in the last five years. But it'll probably be another decade before used stocks catch up to their 2009 levels.','No one has mentioned the [chicken tax] (URL0) yet. In 1963, in response to tariffs which France and West Germany placed on the import of US chicken, the US placed a tariff of 25 on all light truck imports. This tariff is still in place today. Because of this, domestic producers of trucks (or trucks produced in Mexico and Canada) can charge significantly more than they would normally be able to, due to reduced competition. From wikipedia: Robert Z. Lawrence, professor of International Trade and Investment at Harvard University, contends the chicken tax crippled the U.S. automobile industry by insulating it from real competition in light trucks for 40 years','Because of the 4x4 option, look at 2x4 trucks of the same make and the price drops considerably. If your not opposed to buying used you can pick up a used fleet truck 150-200k miles for 5-7k at auction.','Profit margins are relatively high on trucks because they sell like a luxury product, which makes them more expensive. "Ford's profit margins are approaching or surpassing those of German luxury automakers such as Daimler AG (Mercedes) and BMW AG" URL1', "I'd assume it's also the construction of the truck. Larger everything makes it cost more to build.