Anytime a show says 'I need to break the encryption' they're bullshitting, especially if breaking encryption to them means someone furiously smashing the keyboard. [Here's a great example of "WTF? Do you even compute?" type hacking.] (URL0) You don't just 'break' encryption because doing so will usually take a supercomputer thousands of years or more. Only incompetents would use an algorithm with a known flaw that makes it easy to break. Even if you do it in 5 seconds flat it's rarely going to help you break into a system, only let you snoop on whatever encrypted information they can pick up from outside the network. The problem with, say, getting access to the Whitehouse computer systems isn't that 'it's encrypted' or something because encryption isn't what keeps you from accessing computers it's what's on files and communications to prevent you seeing what they say. What prevents access to the computers is a firewall and authentication schemes that ask for a password and maybe a keyfile. (A keyfile is as close as you're going to get to breaking encryption really being a part of getting access to the system, and even then it's only a part. A keyfile also needs a password.) Real hacks generally involve manipulating people into giving you something you need to get in, finding a flaw in the way the system works with requests so that you can do something you shouldn't be able to do because the system thinks it's a valid request. (This sort of problem is kind of common really - it's really, really hard to think of all the complexity involved in big systems and computers don't have a notion of context. If you ask it do something strange it won't raise an eyebrow, it'll just try and do it. Sometimes you can find that the system allows you to do XYZ, and that's all the tools you'd need to make a proper backdoor for you to get in. Sometimes people are just running software with well-known vulnerabilities and you don't even have to think about it, you just deploy someone's proof-of-concept attack against them. Can you break into secure government systems? Of course, no system is impregnable. I'd certainly imagine they're a lot more closely monitored and well maintained than most, though, so good luck.