The internet works by sending little packets of data (like 1500 bytes) to any computer whose address you give. No matter how many computers send data toward your address, if your connection and your computer are fast enough, your machine gets them, and may choose to reply to them.','Ports. Each computer has an address that is like a house address, which helps you find the right computer. But once you're there, the computer has thousands of service windows, like an ice cream truck or drive through window. They all have different numbers, but those numbers correspond to the things you want to do. For instance, if you want a web page, you go up to window number 80. If you want to send an email, you go to number 25. If you want to pick up your email, you go to window number 110. If the computer doesn't offer that service, it might just shut that window, or leave it open, but not staff it. If, however, the computer does want to serve you, there will be a person at the window. Often, that person will tell you to meet them at another window, with a random higher number, so a line doesn't form behind you. A clone of the person will stay at the original window for the next customer. At the new window, you can tell the person what you want. They may ask you to prove who you are and that you are allowed to get it. If that checks out, they just start giving you the web page or whatever you wanted. When you're done asking for things (or you take too long to ask again), the person says, "we're done here," and shuts the window. If you decide you want more stuff, you just go back to the original numbered window and start over.','The reality is that all computers and phones on the internet are connected to each other.... there's wires and waves but essentially if they're on the net they are theoretically mutually traceable... Your computer downloads something by "requesting it." When you input a url this takes a few steps, the first is asking a server for the actual address of that URL (a bunch of numbers), then you throw a packet to the link (cable or air) aimed at your router which will now know where to send it (either outwards or within the same network). This keeps getting relayed by the next node until it reaches the destination, then the reply can begin. The thing is that everything you download or upload goes in pieces.... and each of these contains all the information that can allow routers, hubs and all sort of devices route the data to where it belongs (an address, a return address, the data itself, identifiers, program identifiers and such).','Your mailbox is connected to billions of other people but only if they list the correct address on the sent package or you write the correct address to send to them. The internet works the same way with other computers. Each computer on the internet has its own address. When you send information or download from them, each package of information has its own listed address included in the data to route it to the correct place.','This has nothing to do with an answer for you.... but, every time I see a post with the word "internets" in it I automatically think of this: "what the fuck is the internet?!" "The Internet is a communication tool used the world over where people can come together to bitch about movies and share pornography with one another.