It gained power by degrees. They started with little things like characterizing Jews, the Roma, and others as an enemy that threatened the economy, then into taking their businesses, then on to the Holocaust proper. You really can't remove genocide and get a real explanation. That was always part of the plan. It was a lot like how the KKK says they don't hate blacks or Jews, they just really love and want the best for whites. That "the best for whites" comes at the cost of everyone else is unspoken but known.','After WWI, Germany was forced to pay reparations for the war. Taxes had to rise, income plummeted, inflation went through the roof. Families were literally using money for wallpaper because you'd need a wheelbarrow full of it to buy bread. The National Socialist (NaZi) party ran on a platform of jobs and bread for every German. They'd accomplish this by making sure Germans got preferential treatment. Mistreatment and dehumanization of non-Germans, Jews, Gypsies, homosexuals, the disabled, etc all flowed from this nationalistic protectionism. If memory serves, the Nazis legitimately got something like 30 of the vote before they (with Hitler at the helm) saw the opportunity and seized power by killing their opponents, expanding Hitler's power, and giving everyone jobs (at war factories) and giving everyone food (grown on land "Lebensraum" soon acquired from neighboring countries).', "Hitler needed scapegoats to gain powerHe blamed the gov't for surrendering wo reason in WW I, he blamed the Jews for not fighting in WW I (a false claim, Jews fought just as much as Germans on a per capita basis) he blamed democracy for the catastrophic unemployment and economic collapse of Germany, he stated Jews could never be patriotic like the Germans since Jews were a race and only helped themselves, and were therefore traitors The Holocaust was not actually put in place until Hitler conquered Poland in Sept of 1939Before this, increasingly systematic discrimination was put into place to encourage Jews just to leave, to get out of Germany thru emigration (about 50 did) Once Poland was taken, widespread killing of Polish Jews commenced (Google'Nazi Massacres 1939 to 1941 Concentration camps were eventually set up, and German Jews were put in them also as well as other Jews from the conquered Western countriesAfter Hitler conquered huge areas of the Soviet Union in 1941, it was decided that since so many Jews were captured, and also that there was some concern on morale among the troops from the countless massacres against the Jews, the more efficient method of gassing of Jews commenced in early 1942Although close to 6 million Jews were killed in the hundreds of death camps, 11 million people in total died or were killed in the camps,I highly recommend the essay Ur-Fascism (URL0) by Umberto Eco, who relied on his childhood experience growing up in Mussolini's Italy to list the defining features of fascism (with Nazism as one example). It should be mentioned that Eco wrote this in the 1990s, and was writing with modern Western political trends in mind, so if you read it and it seems relevant to modern politics, that's partly by design. But in any case, some of the beliefs Eco identifies in fascist movements generally are: 1. The cult of tradition, including the creation of an elaborate self-promoting mythology 2. Rejection of modernism as a social ideal, without a rejection of modern technology 3. Equating disagreement with treason 4. Fear of difference, whether that's racial, sexual, or political 5. The appeal to a frustrated middle class, and the emphasis on ending their "humiliation" 6. Xenophobia, and obsession with conspiracy and outside manipulation 7. The rejection of pacifism, equating it with treason 8. Contempt for the weak 9. The celebration of personal heroism and sacrifice, masculinity and machismo 10. Rejecting legislatures and parliaments as rotten and corrupt, and embracing a singular leader (democratically elected or not) as the only trustworthy government Anyway, read the whole essay, IMO it's one of the most important pieces of political writing in the last few decades.