Mainly because of motion blur. When your videogame creates the video, each frame is generated separately, and is a completely static image - you can take a screenshot and it will not appear as if it was a part of a video. When you shoot a movie, each image is exposed for a non-negligible amount of time, such as 160 or 1100 of a second. During this time, motion is captured in the image, resulting in a small blur. This contributes to making the video appear more smooth. [This video] (URL0) shows the difference between high shutter speed (no motion blur) and low shutter speed (motion blur).','24Hz is the lowest you can go before humans notice the flickering. So this is how you get the longest movie on the shortest film roll. If you see old films they might be lower frequency, as low as 10Hz at which point the flickering is very noticeable and tiring. But even at 24Hz you may notice the stuttering images even if they are not flickering. To fix this on digital images there is interlacing which allows you to double the frame rate without increasing the bandwidth. This is why things shot with a TV camera looks better on a TV then things shot with a film camera and then scanned to TV format. It is also popular for TVs to double the frame rate again by interpolating the intermediate frames. So for TV it is not unusual to have 100Hz. The movie industry is not as keen on jumping on to higher frame rates and rather value higher resolution. But you do get some 48Hz movie systems. For example the Hobbit was shot in 48 frames per second.','Movies are shot, games are rendered When an object is moving in a movie each frame will have blurring showing the direction of the motion. This is because the object is able to move across the filmsensor while the lens is open during each frame. This blurring is similar to what your eye would see while watching a moving object, and when shown at 24 fps it is close enough When an object is moving in a video game it is often rendered as a series of crisp images so you need them coming in faster to create the correct blurring effect in the eye. Without the blurring it acquires the odd effect that stop motion movies have where it looks kinda smooth but you know its not smooth','Because in games you want a higher framerate to notice more things (the eye can detect a change in one out of around 200 frames a second if I remember) and to reduce input delay. Neither of those factor into movies.