Airplanes for all their crashes, are actually among the safest forms of transportation. This is because the people who actually control the majority of the airplanes safety decisions, the pilots, are on board the craft, and if the craft fails, they die. By contrast, boats are among the most accident prone means of transportation. This is because (despite ideas like the captain going down with the ship) the kinds of accidents that ships encounter don't usually threaten the captain, and even when they do, the people who make the more important safety decisions for ships are the owners (who say whether you go through the storm or not, and whether you get a new engine or not) who may risk some money, but not their lives. Too-big-to-fail (TBTF) banks are like ships. TBTF means that they are so important to the functioning of society that society will bail them out if there is a problem, even if they caused it. This reduces or eliminates any incentive for the TBTF bank to be cautious, since they know that, even if something bad happens, they will be saved. So it's heads they win, tails everyone else loses, even if it would be cheaper for the TBTF entity to just play it safer. sometimes bailouts may be good policy and necessary. But the idea is to make banks more like planes, and less like ships.," "Removing the notion of'failing' means that the bank has a lot less incentive to use discretion and caution. If they know the government will just bail them out when things get bad, then they can take greater risks with other people's money.," "This is a super complex issue (which is probably why you asked it on rELI5), and may be too complex of an explanation for ELI5, but here goes: The best way to understand it is to look at the consequences of either avenue you choose to take (NOTE: these are the extreme circumstances, IRL these would probably be tempered by the complexity of financial markets, gov't intervention, etc., etc.) 1) Let TBTF banks fail. Domino effect ensues per uHistorytech's comment, or something similar to it. There's a huge loss in'liquidity' (meaning money can't get to where it needs to be fast enough), people can't get loans for mortgages, companies can't borrow money to float through seasonal or yearly changes, economy tanks, water shortage, civil war, dictators (just kidding about the last three:P). On the upside, the surviving banks will make sure to never play it'fast and loose' again, but that also decreases the amount of money they loan out and therefore makes it more expensive to get loans, which only adds to the current problem. In the short term, things would get Great Depression bad in large scale economic terms. In the long term (think decades, not years) new banks would see how much money you can make and enter the market, increasing money being lent, decreasing the cost of borrowing and everything would return to normal, and probably be more stable than before since banks would be more cautious. 2) Save TBTF banks. Avoid domino effect and some short term harm to the economy. Economy dips, but the bottom is theoretically much better than the alternative. In the long term, banks have less (and some, much less) of an incentive to protect their assets (read: other people's cash) against their own risky investing (and since greater risk greater reward, they go after more risky investments). Potentially, this could lead to much more risky behavior by banks and another crashbailout cycle. It also leads to more financial institutions trying to raise themselves to TBTF status so they can be protected by the government from themselves. This leads to less competition and much less stability within financial markets.," "Well, this is kinda one of those the answer chances depending on which way you lean type of situation. Let's take the most recent crisis. (The biggest irony of this situation was that the banks would haven be bailed out regardless of who was in office, but gives the other side a reason to scream.) So say we let the too big banks fail....suddenly a HUGE amount of people and companies don't have immediate access to money. That slows everything down and hurts everything for the average consumer sure, but imagine what it does to the major companies relying on them. Companies like car companies (again recent) rely on banks every year to borrow enough money to make the cars for the new year then sell them and make a profit paying back the bank as they get back their money. If they can't do that BAM more economic trouble, more companies fail, and more people out of work. When that happens it just dominoes out of control. When people lose their jobs they can't buy anything, when they can't buy anything more people lose their jobs. Tl;dr big companies rely on big banks, if they shut down it hurts everyone even if it sucks to let banks act like babies.