Wastes in the oceans don't just build up perpetually, they are eaten and broken down by microorganisms. As wastes diffuse into the oceans they form a relatively steady concentration balanced between their addition and neutralization.,Your body has many ways to combat microorganisms attempting to infect you. First off it is not just the ocean, there is bacteria everywhere, you are currently covered, just about the entire surface area of your body is covered in bacteria. I find that a fascinating concept, that this entire planet is just thriving with these little specks of life so tiny you cant even visualize them without the use of a magnifying tool. First not all bacteria is bad, the bacteria on your skin does good there, it is only opportunistic meaning an infection wont occur unless it is giving a chance such as a break in your skin integrity. Second your natural bacteria is beneficial as since it is taking up real estate on your skin it prevents other possibly more infectious bacteria to begin growing. Not to mention inside your gastrointestinal tract is an entire cest pool of more beneficial bacteria that does the exact same thing with the added benefit of helping break down food. Now on to the other list. Your first line of defense is your skin, another amazing structure. Water, air, microscopic proof, it does not let anything in nor out unless broken open. Mind you even a microscopic tear say caused by a brush up to hard against something is all that is needed to gain entry. Next is the main access point to inside your body which is your gastrointestinal system. This is a closed system that is closed off from the rest of your body. I once had a BIO professor describe all living animals as a tube inside a tube (your digestive track being its own tube inside the tube which is the rest of your body). Your body has many ways up preventing infection from occurring from what you ingest. First you have mucus all throughout the lining of this system which collects foreign bodies. Your tonsils are big lymphatic organs which in a simplified version are host to a large amount of white blood cells and play a vital role in your immune system. Next you have your stomachs acidity which will denature nearly everything that comes into contact with it effectively destroying most bacteria. It then reaches your intestines where a large host of beneficial bacteria also reside so it would have to compete for nutrients and space from these bacteria. Then out it comes through the other end. Next you have your immune system, it is getting late and I am getting tired so I dont plan on going in great detail. Your body has systems in place to destroy any bacteria or viruses that invade your body that does not belong. There are many forms of white blood cells with different jobs, some track and identify these invaders, some then go out and seek and destroy them, some swallow them up and analyze what they are fighting, some then make antibodies which are proteins geared towards that specific organism with the sole purpose of destroying them. If you manage to not die by the time this happens and your body is flooded with anti bodies, you won and the infection will be vanquished. Your body will then keep some of these antibodies in circulation and your WBC will contain the information to make more incase another attack occurs hence the word immunity. Not to mention other systems such as raising your temperature to slow down the rate at which the infection is reproducing, and the inflammatory response which triggers when your cells are killed by bacteria or viruses releasing a signal which increases vascular dilation allowing more blood flow to the site, hence more white blood cells and also attracting those same cells to the site in order to fight the infection. To some this all up your body has evolved systems to ensure your body is not taken advantage of and ultimately killed by the beyond numerous amounts of microorganisms in existence. Now mind you these same microoganisms are always evolving in an attempt to do just that, natural selection, if one bacteria gains a trait that allows it to bypass this system it will survive and reproduce while the others will die off. However your body with its antibody system can thankfully keep up for the most part, and if it doesnt well we have seen through history how many deaths ensue. Hopefully with modern medicine we can try and keep one step ahead. Now when infection does occur it is usually an opportunistic infection. Meaning your skin opened up, your immune system has been weakened from other illness or simply from age. A young otherwise healthy individual does not get infected very often especially not severely enough to result in death. Children, the elderly, the chronically ill, those on certain medications, these things can and do happen to them unfortunately. Again, fascinating when you think about microbiology, all this life at the cellular level competing in an arms race to evolve and adapt to best survive in their surroundings. It is late and I am tired so I apologize for any mistakes or misinformation I provided. Reference: Registered Nurse with a keen interest in biology and A P