Basic overview: Early animation of the simpsons was very similar to how comics used to be made (and in some ways, comics are still done this way). An animator used to do the actual drawings and animation on paper, frame by frame, using an X-sheet for timing. An x-sheet had a number of instructions, and a line for every frame (in the context meaning individual picture in the animation), with notes along the side. These looked very similar to a spreadsheet, such as one in Excel. X-Sheets would have columns for every moving thing in the frame or scene, which in this context, is basically the "viewer box." Anyway, after the animator was done with the paper part of animation principle animation, other people would come in, trace the pictures, again frame by frame, onto transparent, celluloid sheets (ELI5: see-through paper) with dark, blank ink. Then, still more people would come in after the black ink was put on the transparent celluloid sheets and color them. Each moving thing had its own "thread," per se, of celluloid sheet animation. Now comes the reason why they need to be transferred from paper to celluloid: it's modular, and helps with organization when they go to take the final frames. Each celluloid sheet is laid on top of each other with the background drawing at the very bottom of this stack, the positions of each character or moving thing having been placed earlier in the process during principle animation, or when the person is drawing each frame of animation celluloid, the labor of which was sometimes divided up by what was moving in each part of the scene. Now, after each part of what's going to constitute that frame of the scene is there, they take a picture of it. They repeat this process again and again until they have the whole scene done, and then the whole episode or movie. The process hasn't really changed too much. Rather than having each frame on celluloid, they can draw it right into the computer and animate it later. In the simpsons specifically, I'm not sure if the principle animation part still takes place, but the storyboarding part (any person who has watched the extras of a Pixar dvd can tell you this) still takes place, as does the final "picture taking process," albeit inside a computer program instead of a giant machine. The colors and actual animation takes place in the computer. The reason it costs so much money is because hand-drawn animation is a bunch of hand-made drawings, which have to be drawn, again by hand, by real people. Adding in the modular workflow of drawing and animating everything separately, this amount of work is increased tenfold. The animators and artists don't work for free, and when you're on a deadline, more animators need to be hired. So the animators' and artists' salaries are one part of why it costs so much. Because of the implementation of computers, this cost has been shrunk quite a bit, but now they need power to run those computers and they need to buy the software and other tools to create the animation on these computers, and people to fix those computers when they break down, or people to program special software when they need a special effect created (not so common in run-of-the-mill animations and cartoons, but Pixar and Dreamworks has this going on a lot [e.g. particles, hair effects, lighting effects. So, electricity and other costs commonly associated with running any type of business are taken into account here too. Because so few companies do this (in relation to other business types, such as fast-food companies and banks for example), they can charge pretty much whatever they want, with little to no regard for current market trends, as the business market outside of their niche simply does not apply to them. Intra-business markets are another thing entirely, but the layman doesn't know enough about what goes on in animation businesses to make an argument over price. Some of these details are a little foggy, and some of the nuances of this animation process are, sometimes wildly so, different from project to project. Source: I used to go to school for animation.',Banksy] (URL0) did a pretty good job of explaining it.