Suppose there's an infinitely large piece of paper. You've drawn something on it. Every day, you add a little to the drawing, making it bigger or more detailed (or both). As time progresses, you start using more and more paper. Is the currently unused paper part of the drawing? No. That's just empty space. It contains nothing related to a drawing, because it needs to be a blank paper so you can then draw on it. Can we see the blank paper? No. Why not? We are part of the drawing. Second idea, as suggested by a friend Suppose you're looking at a picture on your 21" monitor. But people tell you you're not looking at the whole picture. So you click the 'zoom out' button, and get to see the bigger picture (figuratively). Did your 21" monitor become bigger? No. But the content of the monitor became more detailed. Maybe the universe isn't expanding, but only becoming more detailed, within the same boundaries. For someone observing from within (like us), we would assume the universe gets bigger because more stuff (details) is added.','This question has been asked quite a bit, and there's plenty of info on youtube, etc...but the simplest explanation is that the expansion of space has nothing to do with needing something to expand "into." The idea is that space is getting bigger...just by getting bigger. It is getting bigger everywhere at once, in every direction. You couldn't make a 2-dimensional piece of paper larger in size without needing to make the edges larger in perimeter, but the universe is not like a piece of paper. If there's no such thing as an "edge" or "boundary" of the universe, then there is no need for that perimeter to enlarge, in order to make more "room" for the expanding space. EDIT: [This video] (URL0) explains how the expansion causes galaxies to appear to rush apart, rather than everything (including us) expanding in such a way that we couldn't notice it was happening. SECOND EDIT: [This video] has an even better explanation of some of these concepts. Props to uLoveGoblin for finding it.', "There's two ways I like thinking about it. One to gain intuition, the other probably more reasonable. Imagine you and I are standing on the surface of a balloon (incidentally, this is one theoretical geometry of the universe, an example of a finite universe without a boundary), and someone is blowing it up. Although we are'standing still', the distance between us increases as the rubber stretches. This is a bit misleading though, because when the balloon grows size, it's growing in a 3 dimensional sense. We don't really know if the universe has an edge, and if it does,'what' lies beyond it. But expansion of the universe is a meaningful concept regardless, and you can think of it as someone turning a knob over time, a knob that controls the distance between objects in space. You probably know the standard distance formula in normal Euclidean geometry, given by ds2 dx2 dy2 dz2. This gives the distance between points in space. Well, in general relativity, one possible geometry (the spatial part) looks like ds2 a (t) (dx2 dy2 dz2). In other words, whenever you compute distances between people, galaxies, etc., you take the distance as you're normally used to, but then you multiply what you get by a scaling factor, a (t), which changes with time (if it increases, then the universe is expanding). In other words, a (t) is the knob! Einstein's equations tell us how the knob changes with time.," "Great question, I would like to point out that we don't know, in fact at one point in time we thought that because it was expanding it would eventually, stop then close back on it's self - but that was proved to be wrong. I look at it like this, back in the day we used to think the world was flat, stars were unreachable and everything revolved around the earth. Now we know better than that, there are multiple theories out that talk of a finite universe, now that sounds exciting doesn't it? But until we prove other wise this is what we know, in fact I'm one of the believers that we are in just one of many of universes, this being inside a black hole and explaining many questions to this. Read this article URL1,space itself is expanding in all directions at once relatively evenly from inside.