Imagine your nerves controlling sight as a sidewalk in a neighborhood. Normally, there's a normal supply of people walking on it and everyone stays on the path. Sometimes, there's a huge burst of people (looking at something bright). The sidewalk is so crowded that some people end up stepping on the lawn of the neighboring houses. Mr. Sneeze, living in one of the houses, sees this and gets out of his house to yell at the people to get off his lawn. The process is known as photic sneeze reflex and it affects 18-35 of the population. The mechanics behind it are not fully understood but it may be due to nerve signals being confused when there is a rapid burst from seeing bright light.," "It doesn't for everyone. About 18-35 of people are affected by this; it's called [photic sneeze reflex] (URL0).," "I shit you not, there is another name for this condition that is way better than photic sneezing. It's Autosomal Dominant Compelling Helio-Ophthalmic Outburst Syndrome. Or ACHOO for short:) [Proof] (URL1),The optic nerve takes all the light information from the eyes to the brain. The maxillary nerve causes the sneeze reflex. These two nerves run next to each other for part of their course. When there is lots of electrical activity going down the optic nerve, then because they are next to each other, this activity can "leak" onto the maxillary nerve and push it over the limit, causing a sneeze.', "No one really knows. Some scientists say it's caused by confusion in the nervous system. Since all senses are linked, the pupil dilation response to light is translated to a nasal irritation and causes a sneeze. Other scientists suggest it's evolutionary, a trait that helped our ancestors survive in primitive life. (Clear the nose of smokeother smells after leaving a cave to help smell threatsfood sources).," "As someone who does this, I've noticed that squinting your eyes moves the sinus cavity. I imagine this affects the process as well," "I was told that looking at the sunlight normally involved looking up, which opened your airways. And that was why it helps you sneeze. No idea how true that is, though I've noticed it has the same effect in a dark room as when I'm outside.," "I actually have the same thing. Strangely enough it can apparently it can be passed down. At least my mom has it and apparently my grandmother did as well. It's kinda annoying but only because the sneezes come on so quick that I can't see what I'm going and have to pause.,This is known as [photic sneeze reflex] (URL2) caused by a genetic mutation that results in some sensory inputs to become "crossed" for example sudden bright light can be interpreted by the brain as nasal irritation.','I have this condition. Also, if I am clogged in the nose my wife plucks my eyebrows. It has the same effect and quickly clears up my nose. Lots of sneezes ensured. Often when we come out after being in a dark building my wife says "Wait for it..,'I read somewhere that the nerve that controls your pupil dilation is in close proximity to the nerve that triggers a sneeze. When you look at a bright light your eye contracts and causes the nerve to fire. This can activate the nearby sneeze nerve.','It's actually called the "ACHOO" syndrome or some such nonsense.... URL3