Robertson (The Canadian): High levels of torque. Doesn't Cam out. Speeds up production. Cheap. Designer was a crazy tinfoil fuckhead that didn't let anyone else but him make them. Not wide spread except Canada. Phillips (The Cross): Cams out when too much pressure is applied. Only 5 different drivers. Literally designed to destroy the driver before the screw if the correct one is used. Slot (The Flathead): Simple as fuck to make. Discourages power tool use. Annoying as fuck. Cross (The Double Flat): Slot x 2. When you fuck one up, there's one more to bail the screw out. Pozidriv (Phillips Mk2): Phillips on torque steroids. Incompatible with phillips. Hex (Mr. Allen): generally same benefits of Square. Wrenching commonly available. Hexalobular (The Torq): Loltorque. PhillipsSquare (The Compromise): Best of both worlds. Select based on needs. Every-SingleTamper-ResistantScrew (The lol): Grind a slot, use flathead. Problem No Problem.', " No blatant speculation. It's okay not to be the world's foremost expert on a subject, but if you have little knowledge on the question at hand, don't guess. A lot of people are guessing incorrectly what the various uses for screws are. The short answer to OP's question is that different screw heads are designed for different tasks. The long answer can be found with the absolute simlplest of google searches. URL0," "They all have different uses and benefits. Flathead is good for when you need to make sure that you don't apply too much force. For example, a wall plate uses flathead screws because if you used a phillips with a power driver you could crack it. Phillips are good because you can use one screwdriver for multiple sizes of screws. Other bits like torx are better for automated tooling because they tend not to slip out. Etc, etc.,When speaking with Chinese colleagues they like to call them Positive and Negative, it took me a while to get that','Philips were designed to only torque up to a certain pressure. Robertson is a Canadian design. Great for high torque and driving.', "This was discussed not too long ago somewhere on Reddit. The most upvoted answer from that thread basically said that, while handy, you don't want philips screws on things like light sockets where you wouldn't want people using power tools. Over-tightening a screw on a light socket could result in a fire, or leprechauns or some shit.,Like Mike12344321 says, slot head are easy to make, and that was what they did back in the day. Also, they look nice. Robertson screws were the next step, invented by P.L. Robertson when, while trying to drive a flathead screw with a "yankee screwdriver," put the tool through his hand. Robertson screws are almost perfect, unless you strip it. Then you're fucked. Henry Ford wanted to use Robertson screws on his assembly lines, but Ford being a bit of a dick,didn't want to buy the scews from Robertson. He wanted the patent. P.L. Didn't want that, so the deal never happened. Ford then got his engineers to design an admitted copy of the Robertson scew. Philips was the name of the guy who did it. I think Robertsons are popular in the states, but usually only in the electrical field, as you you can put the screw in with only one hand, making the possibility of shock less. P.L. Was a crazy fuck though, and it is reported he sometimes got business advice from his cat.','Small DYK: Robertson screws are designed in part that you can keep the screwdriver in place and the head will actually keep the entire driver suspended, so when you return from you coffee break the screwdriver is right in the screw where you left it.','Some are tamper resistant. Like the ones that hold bathroom stalls together in public schools, etc etc. You have to have harder to find or more expensive tool to work them.','Car companies gave power drills to their workers (before this was automated) to help screw parts together. However, the only bits they had were flat heads, and it is very easy to over torque a bit with a power drill, so what ended up happening a lot of the time is that when they over torqued the bit it would just snap. To fix this they invented the phillips head, so that when it was over torqued, instead of snapping, it pops out of the screw.', "Screw phillips. (no pun intended) Robertson is better because when you put the screw on the screwdriver, it stays there. Quite useful, unless you like screws falling off the tip of your screwdriver. My personal preference is torx. I had a Volvo and it was a dream to work on, partially because all the screws were torx. Saab also uses them unless I'm wrong.,On top of what everyone else has said about why flat head screws still exist, flat head screws are less expensive to manufacture. Also, in an environment where the screw head might get clogged with dirt or paint, a flat head is easier to clean out.','The better question is "Why aren't all screws square drive?, "Every so often, someone comes out with a new standard that will revolutionize screwing from that day on. The problem is, there's another screw with another standard that will always need another screwdriverdrill bit to function. That screw driver is made, and a demand exists for that type of screw. But the new screw standard's also taking hold, but someone's collecting royalties on it so the cheaper screw still keeps a following. The new screw is actually much better for certain jobs, so it still builds up popularity. Then a new screw type comes out that's really good for a lot of jobs and will revolutionize screwing for years to come.,I sell fasteners with all these different drive heads. Not only do I have to answer this question everyday but I also have to get into finer details of the fastener i.e. material, finish, thread pitches....the list goes on and on. Then I realize I sell nuts and bolts and screws for a living and realize that, along the line of life, I most often made poor life choices. Anyways, my favorite are simple flat head countersunk phillips machine screws.', "In the US, I've seen robertson screws referred to and used as deck screws. I guess it makes a lot of sense to use them for decks as you have a high volume of screws to put in in a short amount of time and will eventually need to remove them in an even shorter amount of time. Wish I saw them other places though.," "A phillips gets stripped easier when you apply tightening pressure, so when tightening pressure is demanded on a part (say, a bicycle) it's better to have a flathead. Source: I'm a bicycle mechanic who hates phillips screw heads now.," "I'm not sure why nobody has mentioned the obvious advantage to slotted screws. They're for aesthetics. Some people just like the way a slotted screw looks when exposed on something like an outlet or light switch.,It all depends where - and when - you live. [A long time ago] (URL1), the Fluted Socket heads sold really well.', "Torx. I wish torx was the standard. Best thing I've EVER used.