Cold countries were quicker to build economies based on trade and manufacturing, since they were less suitable for agriculture.', "Dial it back a few thousand years and you'd find that very hottropical climates were the bastions of civilization. Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia, Indus Valley civilizations, Olmecs, all in tropical or other hot climates. There may be some correlation in the modern day between cold climate and successful economy, but no causation.,Nobody has really come up with a theory. A lot of people gleefully point at colonisation being to blame for stifling everywhere except Europe (and a few other places, mostly the Anglosphere) but this is often based on flawed reasoning and false attributions. A famous book "Guns, Germs and Steel" tries to lay out one author's own theory and you may find it an interesting read, however many of his main arguments have been debunked in the eyes of many. It is probably the most famous so would be a good place to start - maintain a critical mind as you read it and you might well find yourself disagree andor agreeing with different points as you read. If you want another suggestion for what may be a simple answer, it could be as simple as cold countries forcing inhabitants to develop technology to survive the temperature - environmentally driven evolutionadaptation at the societal level. That's my train of thought on the subject. There are tons of theories out there and it's all quite interesting.','This is simply not true. I've heard this before but often it boils down to people having a wrong idea of which countries are "hot" and which are "cold," as well as forgetting about countries that don't fit the model. Some examples that don't follow your rule: - Australia and Israel are hot and doing well. Several Arabic countries are very rich too. - Russia, China and the US are so vast that they span the whole gamut from extremely cold to extremely hot. The US is doing well, Russia not so much, and China is catching up quickly. - Several South American countries do not have a hot climate but aren't very rich either. - Several European countries are pretty hot too - Italy and Spain for example. As far as "don't get work done" - many of the most impressive historic artifacts are in hot (ter) countries - the Pyramids are in Egypt, the Colosseum is in Rome, the Greek temples are obviously in Greece, and the various Inca and Maya temples and cities are in CentralSouth America. The numbers and letters we use originate in the middle east and India and came to us through Greece and Italy.', "Rome had the biggest Empire in the World for more than 400 years. China and IndiaSouth Asia areas had great economies. Empires rise and fall. Mosquitoes Tropical Diseases and lack of species may have led to many countries in tropical countries not developing faster. Read Jared Diamond's Guns Germs and Steel if you are curious.,I vaguely remember some study that indicated that the colonial powers (British, Dutch, French, Spanish, all relatively cool places) didn't put as much infrastructure into places where the climate was too hot and unpleasant. This was closer to modern times than the time when those ancient civilizations did well in warm places. URL0', "first, it's not as easy as saying hot vs. cold. it's more like: - extreme heat (desert) - difficult - moderate heat - thrive (although to a lesser extend before the invention of AC; it's hard to concentrate in excessive heat and you cannot just turn on a fire like in the cold; however, humans had ways to moderate temperature by building houses in a certain way to keep the temperature stabilized for millennia) - tropical - difficult - moderate cold - thrive - extreme cold - difficult with that in mind, there are 3 reasons: - lush climates have a lot of dangerous animals (this comes from the fact that it is easier to thrive in hot climates which leads to more competition between animals which in turn leads to animals developing to defend themselves against their competition (poisonous venomous) or take advantage of it (blood sucking insects parasites. so a lot of effort and energy has to be spent by humans to just protect themselves against the environment. in cold climates all you have to do is put on some warm clothing and have a fireplace to keep yourself warm in order to outcompete other animals. - there are not many reasons to come up with clever things when your food is always guaranteed to exist. you don't need to plan ahead as much etc. - Europeans did a lot to stifle the progress of underdeveloped (compared to Europeans at that time) regions during colonialism. this gave them a further head-start (from what they had already),OKay so I've actually thought about this before. In global health what you are referring to as cold countries are what we called the "global north" and the warmer countries we call the "global south." This is a short hand way for generalizing about the history and wealth of the world while getting around using the sometimes pejorative words "3rd world" and "developing," etc. I think the short answer is countries in the global north just didn't have as many natural resources as countries in the global south. In winters where things couldn't be grown, people had to store things, ration things, and sometimes had to go out there and take things from other people. They became explores and soon after that, conquers, where they then proceeded to take all sorts of valuables from places full of natural resources i.e. the warm, global south countries and using it for themselves to survive and profit. By taking their stuff, wiping them out sometimes, monopolizing their fertile land, etc. the global north has made themselves rich and here we are today. This has not ended, the cycle of taking wealth from the global south and profiting in the global north still continues. If anyone wants to know more about it, start by looking up "Structural Adjustment Programs" by the IMF and the World Bank. And yet, for some reason people still think other countries are poor because it's their fault. Source: Am a Global Health major but not by any means an expert.', "It's worth noting that historically there's been no real correlation between climate and success, Europe was always a pretty cold place, but civilization started in the MediterraneanMiddle East and was centered there for the longest time. China and Russia more or less have been on every part of the spectrum of wealth and their climates are pretty much the same as they've ever been. It just so happens that these colder countries were successful in the last few centuries because of causes unrelated or barely related to climate.