The appendix does have use. It has a role in maintain gut flora. Which is to say, the appendix sorta functions as a safe house for good bacteria. If a person has a gut infection, the good bacteria housed in the appendix can help restore the normal balance inside the intestine. People who have had their appendix removed, have a much higher chance of certain gut infections. It also plays a role in'training' white blood cells and in a pinch it can also be used during reconstructive surgery. [Source 1] (URL0), [source 2] (URL1)," "Any surgery, particularly surgery that involves opening the torso, has risks. A surgeon increases the chance of the patient dying by removing the appendix. No matter how simple or safe the procedure is, time spent under anaesthesia is a factor in surgery survival rates. If the patient dies because you removed their appendix, it's the surgeons' fault, and even if they don't get sued over it it will go on their record. If you die of appendicitis later, it's not the surgeon's fault, legally or morally. Additionally, laparoscopic surgeries (where the surgery is done by inserting a camera and instruments through a tiny hole) are becoming much more common; and with those surgeries it's generally not possible to take a detour to the appendix.,A [recent study] (URL2) showed that many appendicitis cases may be treatable without any surgery at all, just using antibiotics.','H69 Incidental appendectomies performed without evidence of related illness or injury are not covered. - From Blue Cross If it were covered, it would be done. But most physicians are not going to do something for free.','We could discuss whether or not the appendix actually does anything. There is the thought it helps provide a refuge for the gut bacteria which you want. We can also discuss how any additional surgical procedure would increase risk for complications. Why take that risk? Especially when the appendix is not guaranteed to become a problem. We could also discuss how research has shown that appendicitis has been shown to occur less in 3rd world countries as well.','Before arthroscopic surgical techniques, any abdominal surgery was a big deal, requiring a long recovery time and risk of complication. Preemptively saving someone that bother down the road was a good gamble. These days, appendix removal is simpler and safer, and having that kind of surgery no long outweighs the minor benefits keeping your appendix has.','Surgical trainee here, in short you don't want to deal with complications from an unnecessary surgery and most people and their appendices get on just fine. In a different context, say if someone was getting both their hip joints replaced, it would make sense potentially to do them both at once, but we've learn that doesn't lead to the best outcomes. There are many reasons for this, one of which is you're effectively doubling the surgical stress a patient undergoes. We now opt to do one hip and wait 6 months before doing the other. Also "adhesions" in the abdomen are a big deal. When an internal surgical scar heals in can stick or heal around anything nearby, this is known as an adhesion. If I were to take out your gallbladder and your appendix at the same time there's no knowing how potential adhesions could collate or interact causing problems in the short, medium or long term.', "I've seen some pretty bad titles, but this one makes absolutely no sense no matter how many times I read it.