that's the format people have come to expect for US TV series they don't want to rule out the future revenue they can make in syndication," "They don't. Episode lengths for Netflix dramas vary wildly from 40 minutes to just over an hour. A TV network would have to stretch hour long episodes over an hour and a half to fit commercials. No Netflix series are limited to the 41 minutes typical dramas are done at. The same goes for their comedies, in which episodes range from 20 minutes to well over half an hour. EDIT: Spelling," "They don't, however they aren't going to make huge episodes regularly because people don't nessasaraly want to commit to a series of 2 hour episodes.,The possibility of syndication money in the future.','Those show may be sold or licensed to a television network that does use advertising at some point in the future. Standard formats exist for a reason.','Because of attention span and production feasibility. People are willing to stick around longer then that but this way there is enough time to have a self contained story and be short enough to take up one unit of time that people can find to watch it.', "Not saying why they do it, but why I appreciate it. I watch tv while I eat. It doesn't take me 45 minutes or an hour to eat. 22 minutes is a good amount of time.," "The new season of trailer park boys has random episode lengths. But that's just one example.,It's what we are conditioned to expect from our visual media. It's one of the qualities of a show that makes it 'bingeable'. Though Netflix can introduce more variation to the 22-30min or 45-55min models because it doesn't have the need to accomodate advertisements. I don't expect they would want to vary significantly from that model, when people watch "tv" they expect something in this sort of packaging. In the future perhaps our viewing habits will change as we move away from the models inherited from cable television and the "tv episode" media model will vary more widely. However, in the end the length of an individual episode is influenced both by the content and the need to market it in a package that the subscriber prefers to consume.','Not all of them do, note that HBO shows are notorious for going around 1 hour (sometimes over or under 5 or so minutes), and some of the newer Netflix-only shows (the new AD season for instance) did have varying lengths.', "It's not just because it's what we're accustomed to, it's what they're accustomed to. Writers have been writing this way because, until recently, they HAD to. It's hard to break that habit once you realize how to make it work. Also, production schedules, contracts and the like all deal with the idea that they can still shoot a 45-60 minute show in 8 days. Randomly write a 2 12 hour episode and everything gets fucked! EDIT: stuff,I wouldn't call myself qualified to answer this but I've been an armature stand up comedian I'm by no means talented at the craft but I've had the privilege of getting pointers from some very talented people. I can't speak for Netflix or tv in general but I do know that most comedians limit their sets to about an hour to 45 mins because people generally start to lose interest after that and the laughs start to die down and there's always that "leave em wanting more" mentality.','The average attention span maxes out at about an hour before people start to zone out, to go with that, most people don't consider anything under 40 minutes to have told them a "fulfilling" story. So 40-60 minutes, give or take a few minutes, is the golden zone for storytelling in an episode style format','Keep in mind shows like Lilyhammer and house of Cards were developed by TV stations and then picked up by netflix','because they know the consumer is used to that length of episode. It is a strategic play','i would expect so they can sell their shows to cable and satellite providers