A virus causes an infection, but not all infections are caused by viruses. If you are talking to someone who says something like "oh it's just a virus," in a way that implies distinction from an "infection" (in their mind at least), they are likely making the distinction between a bacterial infection and a viral infection like "the cold" or a "stomach virus." This is in sharp contrast to the type of infection you get on a wound, like when someone says "oh cover that up before it gets infected." That type of infection is characterized by severe inflammation and tissue damage and necrosis, etc. The two broadly defined types of "viruses" mentioned above are widely regarded as being temporary conditions which you just have to suffer through for a few days before your body gets its act together and suppresses it. While there are some bacterial infections that are minor and can be handled by relatively mild anti-biotics, there are also many that are much more severe than your common cold. The differences between viruses and bacteriafungiother things that can make you sick is that viruses are the robots of the germ world. They don't replicate themselves like other life forms do. There are actually a wide class viruses known as bacteriophages which attack other bacteria and use them to make copies of themselves. Basically what a virus does is attack and attach itself to another cell (plant, animal, sometimes has to be specific) and inject its RNA into the cell. That RNA then corrupts the cells normal activity and overhauls it into a virus making factory, which produces the different body parts of a virus, then puts them together to make new viruses. Then depending on whether the virus is of the lytic or lysogenic variety, it either explodes the cell popping the new viruses everywhere, or it goes into a dormant state waiting for different conditions to continue activity. This is how all viruses replicate themselves. Another difference is that viruses can never be fully eliminated from the body the way other diseases can. This is because of the way they replicate themselves. This is opposed to having a bacteria that comes in and divides itself and maybe eats your tissue like gangrene or something. Your body can come in guns blazing, and once the last bacteria cell is killed, its game over. Viruses put their RNA into your normal cells DNA, so whenever your immune system goes down a bit, the virus might pop its head back up. (Think Herpes). So if the virus is in the lysogenic cycle I mentioned earlier, not exploding your cells, then that means whenever your cell replicates itself by mitosis, the viral RNA is also replicated, and you have another potential virus making factory on your hands. It is like a sleeper terrorist cell. To summarize, the distinction you made is a false dichotomy. A virus is just one of many vectors of illness that can "infect" the body, but there are some implied differences when some people say infection vs. saying virus.