I like to think that leather clothing is rather more durable and easy to fix than an Italian tailored suit. So in lack of industrial infrastructure (lack of shops, sewing machines, fabric production etc.) Simple and durable clothing would become common. As for makeup, I guess black makeup (or motor oil, dirt, grit) is easy to pull off than perfectly clean face.','To a lot of of observers, the nearest present-day mirror that we have to a dystopian and post-apocalyptic society is the part of our own current society that prefers to dress and appear that way. Biker games gangs (edit: used an incorrect worm) are a good example. People who dress and wear a whole lot of dark make-up or tattoos are generally seen as tougher and grittier than Joe Average, maybe better armed and organized as well. They and their sideways society or undersociety would likely be better suited to survive an apocalypse when the veneer of civility started wearing thin. So they'd take that preference in clothing and make-up with them into their "new order" in whatever seedier and grittier universe resulted from the change, to the point where that appearance would become the norm.', "Inventing a new, believable dress code isn't easy, so when you're depicting a society that's radically different from our current one, an easy solution is picking the dress code of people who are already perceived as antisocial or non-conforming, like punks and bikers.,All of the previous 17 answers do shed a great deal of light on this question. I would also add that there is symbolism in this kind of aesthetic. These are the less conventional types of fashion choices and they can be used to convey non-conformity. And so, if you wish to signal a failure of conventional society, and the rise of a more anarchistic, uncontrolled type of human existence, you can use non-conformist fashion to indicate that there is no longer any remaining social convention to which people might conform. But that is an artistic choice, to send a message to audiences. If we were to try to predict what a post-apocalyptic society would actually look like, possibly it would just look like a lot of badly dressed people who no longer had convenient access to clothing stores. There would probably be no such thing as fashion or any prevailing aesthetic, in a world in which people are struggling to survive at all. It would also be true that if you did feel like wearing eye make-up and studded leather clothing, and you were fortunate enough to have access to those things, chances are there would be nobody to stop you. Your mother is not going to tell you "take that off, you look ridiculous., "I think it goes back to Mad Max and George Miller's vision of the future. Mad Max came out in 1979, are there any dystopian biker gangs in movies that predate that? Fake edit: So I googled and came up with [this page of Australian dystopia's] (URL1) and it mentions [The Cars that Ate Paris] (URL0) by Peter Weir from 1974 which hugely influenced George Miller; he even referenced one of the film's iconic cars in the latest Mad Max. So now the question is, does anything predate this movie or is Pete Weir the one responsible?,Some of these answers lean in the right direction. I can add a little conserving spikes and studs. Aside from the "look" it gives, studs and spikes can be a bit more practical.... Dogs wear spiked collars around their necks to prevent another dog from grabbing hold of it, protecting it from attack. The same idea transferred to the punk aesthetic, with spiked bracelets, collars and such. A well-studded jacket might also turn a fist or knife in a fight. A spiked wrist can't be grabbed. Skinny jeans.... Well, those aren't actually that practical. Anecdotally, that was the intent. It took the toughness of leather and denim with an extra layer of protection for rumbling gangs. Granted, most of what you see in that look nowadays is toned down and mall-ready. In a post-apocalyptic society, would you be afraid of it was roving gangs of nerds? Probably not. But if the streets were turned over and ran by the shadier element; biker gangs, punks, thugs, etc.... You're actually worried about society.', "There is a lot of human skin lying around that needs to be used, and people don't get a lot of sleep so it isn't eye makeup, they just are really, really tired.,I think Hollywood's fascination with the black leather dominatrix look for post-Armageddon societies is kind of silly. Most likely actual PAS would have a shortage of cloth after a while, and denizens of the post-industrial world would look (and smell) a lot like heavily armed hobos. While it makes an exciting film, PAS's that have a lot of motor vehicles is also nonsensical and irrational. PAS's would depend mostly on bicycles, horses, two-wheeled and four-wheeled carts and so on for transportation. Within a few years fixed ammunition would become difficult to obtain, transportation would become animal-powered and materials scavengers would wreck most complicated machinery (no longer functional because of a lack of electricity) looking for items they could use. Hunger would be wide-spread and society would slowly devolve into warlordism and feudalism. Organizations like renegade military units and outlaw motorcycle clubs would create little Somalia-like mini-states. Regular people, people who either were not heavily armed to begin with, or who were not allowed to join an outlaw tribe would simply become subjects of the warlords. Have you ever seen the Kevin Costner movie, "The Postman"? Like that. Junked cars blocking highways everywhere. No gasoline. Home-made clothing, moccasins, patches upon patches upon patches. TEOTWAWKIthe End of the World as we know it. (I loved that song, BTW.) ','Tactical choices, to some degree. In post apocalyptia, there will be fighting. People slaughtering each other for what precious few resources remain. You need so avoid being killed. To that end, leather is a great choice. Its tough and durable while also light and non-restricting, is good against the elements and tends to give an intimidating appearance. dark makeup in post apocalypic movies tends to be skewed, messily applied at best. Theres less opportunity to wash, limited resources, often no good mirrors. Dark makeup will help keep sun glare to a minimum, but its not going to stay neat and proper for very long when youre rolling around on the ground and sweating.','A lot of those movies were made in the 70s when punk was all the rage. Its just like how everyone in Star Trek: The Next Generation dresses l like its 1987. I guess fashion really is cyclical.