There are many reasons, but broadly speaking it has to do with motive. Who is motivated to see stock prices to go up and down? Simply speaking there are 3 main parties to this, shareholders, management and the government. Shareholders want to see the price of a stock go up. The higher it goes the more they can sell it for when they retire, or cash out to buy a home a car or something. Shareholders generally have no real reason to see the price go down. Company management like wise have little motivation in seeing the price of their stock go down. The higher it is, the more successful their company looks, the better rewards they'll receive for creating value for the company shareholders. Management is generally not interested in seeing the stock price fall. Shareholders and management in China are similar in their motivation to shareholders and management in the US. No one wants to see their portfolio stock price fall. The difference is the ability to profit from incorrect pricing. It is easier outside of China to recognize and profit from errors in stock pricing. This will tend to push stock prices down to generally accepted true value. But where does the government fit in? The value of companies to governments is usually a source of pride, or a badge of success, and while governments would like to create environments where companies can succeed, and they usually don't get too involved. However, in China it is more than that. The government is actively involved in companies. The Chinese government owns many companies and has a stake in others. Party members can be appointed on the board or in leadership positions within companies. The government is the management and the shareholders. So are they motivated to see the price of stocks fall? Betting against state owned companies in such an environment could easily be seen as antagonistic towards the government and state. This could easily scare off the people who would have the knowledge and ability to do so. If you know a state owned company is over-priced but think you'll suffer some type of penalty or censure if you make a move against it, is it really worth the trouble? Why not park your money somewhere you feel is safer and let it remain someone else's problem? As a result of this environment many stocks prices have climbed to prices they don't belong and people aren't sure where they should have been. So everyone is trying to sell off their stock and save what is left of their investment. There are price bubbles all over the world in many different forms varying from beanie babies to housing securities. The market and government are yet to figure out an accurate way to predict and prepare for them. That being said, there are ways to mitigate and warn. Primarily this is through independent analysis of stocks and companies. Many investment firms have analysts that go through a company's statements and records in order to figure out the truthfulness of those records and ascertain the company's value. Smaller companies may pay organizations like Bloomberg or Zachs to conduct an analysis of their own company to provide transparency to their stock holders (not entirely independent, agreed). The point is, the ability to independently analyse companies without repercussions, and to act on that analysis helps to avoid and soften the blow. A Chinese stock market isn't simply a matter of national pride, its a matter of control. The Chinese government maintains tight control of their currency and routinely interferes in the stock market, which along with penalties for non-positive feedback makes analysis difficult and unreliable. EDIT TLDR: Prices are too high, no one knows what the price should be so everyone is selling their stock.