If you smell food, you become hungry. The smelling of food (when resulting in hunger) is an unconditioned stimulus because there's nothing artificial about it. It's all-natural. The hunger you experience from smelling food is the unconditioned response. It's just what happens when you smell food. It's directly and naturally linked. Now, if a sound played, like a buzzer for example, every time you smelled food, after a while you'd feel hungry at the sound of the buzzer and you wouldn't need the smell to go along with it. In this case, the buzzer is a conditioned stimulus because it doesn't naturally tie to being hungry. Your brain now associates the sound with hunger, and at that point it's a conditioned effect that you've been trained to experience. The hunger you feel at the sound of the buzzer is a conditioned response because it's a non-natural response to a conditioned stimulus. The direct result of this is you'd better bring some chips or something if you're going to watch game shows on TV.," "Ok, so the starter idea is that things like the taste of delicious food, being tickled, smelling something rotten and other things provoke immediate responses in most animals including humans. The experience (the food, being tickled, bad smell) is a stimulus. Stimulus stimulation. The response (drooling, laughing, saying eww!) is obviously the response. What some guy discovered awhile ago is that you could get a human or animal to repeat the response to various stimuluses by providing two stimulus at the same time, repeatedly, with the same outcome, even if the second stimulus is completely unrelated. As an example, my friend John in college had this girl who was omega ticklish, like if you touched her, she would crumple up and die laughing. He was taking intro to psych at the time, and had no concept of morality, so he decided to experiment on this poor girl. What he did was, he would ruthlessly tickle her (unconditioned stimulus) while giving her the thumbs up (neutral stimulus) with his off hand. She would laugh uncontrollably (unconditioned response) and associate the thumbs up with being tickled. Eventually, you no longer had to tickle this girl to get her to feel like she was being tickled. You could just give her the thumbs up (conditioned stimulus), and she would die laughing (conditioned response). So an unconditional stimulus is one that occurs without any learning present. When you smell something bad, you cringe. When you get tickled you laugh. When you eat good food, you salivate. A neutral stimulus is one that elicits no response. When you hear a normal sound, you don't jump, you just hear it and keep doing what you're doing. The thumbs up before conditioning is a good example of this. A conditioned response the result of a conditioned stimulus. Like the example, the girl was conditioned to feel like she was being tickled, even though she was receiving only the stimulus of a thumbs up.,Alright. I'm going to explain this to you not like you are 5, but like how I explain it to kids taking 1st year psych (I TA first year psych). Unconditioned stimuli. Let's break it down. What does "unconditioned" really mean? Think "unconditional love." Mothers often experience unconditioned love for their new born babies. What has the baby really done to warrant the love? Nothing, it's innate. Unconditioned stimuli something INNATE that brings about a response. Unconditioned response the INNATE response to the unconditioned stimuli. Unconditioned stimuli new born baby, unconditioned response lovecooing, hugging, etc. Now, conditioned response. What does "condition" mean? Think "conditional," like "conditional university acceptance." Try to work out what CS and CR are from there. Let me know if you need any help. I find if you break things down into their roots, you don't have to memorize anything.', "Unconditioned Stimuli (US): Something that causes a response naturally. Unconditioned Response (UR): The response to the US. Conditioned Stimuli (CS): Something that starts out as a neutral stimulus (does not cause an unconditioned response), but when presented with the US repeatedly will cause a response. Conditioned Response (CR): The response to the CS. (Usually is the same as the UR.) Pavlov's dogs are probably the easiest example to understand. US: food UR: salivation CS: tuning fork (sound) CR: salivation The dogs would salivate when presented with food. Then the sound was played just before the dogs receiving their food. Eventually, the dogs would salivate at just the sound of the tuning fork. Similarly, the word pickles makes my mouth water.:)