The idea behind war isn't to kill the enemy it is to eliminate the threat. A hollow point bullet causes an extreme amount of physical trauma that is hard to treat while a fmj bullet can bring down a target just as easily.,It isn't as "humane" because it is more inclined to maim the victim. I believe it is still a-okay to use it in domestic insurgency type situations though.','The Hague Convention of 1899 (Conferences which led to the formal adaptation of the laws of armed conflict) outlawed the use of any ammunition that expanded or splintered upon impact during military operations. There are instances in which hollow point ammunition has been used during military operations. This is usually reserved to specialized units under the justification of anti terrorism operations. As a side note, the United States did not sign the Hague Conventions, but for the most part abide by the rules (To include the guidelines in regards to ammunition) as a courtesy.','It takes 2 people to carry one wounded person, thus the goal is to wound a person, have others help them so there are less people to engage the other side. The caliber (size) and type of ammo that you use against a person is controled by nato. As we know the rules of war are not always followed.','Inflicting physical suffering is bad for PR because it has evidence. Mental suffering, that is okay for PR as it is not as easy to show a picture of that.','Bullets on a modern battlefield are not designed to kill the person being shot, they are designed to substantially wound him by poking holes in him. The logic of this is that in a civilized war in which both sides follow the Laws of Armed Conflict, when you wound an enemy you are forcing your opponent to devote resources to helping the casualty off the battlefield and tend to his needs. If you straight up kill him then you have relieved the enemy of the responsibility of caring for that soldier and in some case such as when resources are low, you may actually strengthen the enemy's situation. The idea of warfare is not to "take out as many of them as possible" it is to take away the enemy's ability to be a threat. The Laws of Armed Conflict is clear on the matter and requires that only the minimum amount of force necessary for achievement of a goal is allowed to be used. i.e. if you invade the town full the civilians to take out a enemy stronghold, you are not allowed to destroy the entire town to take out your enemy as it is more force than is necessary to achieve the goal. Going back to bullets, I don't need to kill the person in order for them to stop being a part of the enemy war effort, I only need to wound him. URL0