Live in an adobe house in New Mexico myself and have long studied sustainable building out of personal need. Traditional adobe resists weathering but it does require a smooth coating (rendering) to aid shedding of water and a routine schedule of restoration. The chief thing making adobe bricks resilient is a certain portion of clay (15) and sand (50-75) in the soil. You can't make it from just any topsoil as it typically lacks the clay and has too much organic matter. A small amount of organic material straw or animal dung serves a kind of fiber reinforcement akin to the fiber reinforcement of plastic composites, resisting cracking. The Native American adobe (there are variations in just about every part of the globe) has an additive unique to the continent; the gelatinous juice of the prickly-pear cactus that works as an additional water-resisting stabilizer. This is used in higher concentration for the surface rendering, though generally block and rendering need similar hardness to minimize delamination caused by temperature changes. high desert' sees broad temperature swings) The more recent forms of adobe used in the southwest have used asphalt and Portland cement mixed with the soil. Other very different materials are also used, such as formed soil-cement (a mixture of earth and cement poured into forms like conventional concrete) and pumice block or pumice-crete. (a mix of granular pumice and cement again poured into forms like concrete) In the 1950s mechanically Compressed Earth Block produced in machines called'Cinva Rams' emerged as a popular building method for the developing world. It has sometimes been used as an alternative to traditional adobe blocks here, but is not as well known in the US as in the rest of the world. Straw bale construction is another common alternative and, because of the use of the same adobe surface rendering, can look much like the traditional adobe block housing, but usually with much thicker walls. Sadly, a great deal of the'pueblo style' architecture you see in the southwest is not really adobe at all but conventional stick-frame construction using sculpted foam to simulate the smooth adobe forms and covered in a dyed plaster. It's often called'Santa Fake Style' here.,How often do you figure it rains in the desert? Adobe is very hard, but it does erode a little in the rain and need to be repaired every so often.', "Mostly because the roofs are made of a more waterproof material, and they overhang beyond the edges of the walls. So the adobe material doesn't get a lot of direct rain impact. Modern adobe often includes a bit of cement, which increases its durability when wet.," " adobe structures aren't just mud, it is a specific kind of mud with high clay content hot, sunny climate bakes the adobe in much the same way a kiln fires clay it doesn't rain much or often in the desert adobe structures require periodic maintenance to replace lost mud many of the adobe looking structures in the area are simulated with more modern materials