Well, you should first know that the song you gave us is a [four chord song] (URL2), which uses one of the most common chord progressions in popular music. Second, the song's melody is primarily in a [pentatonic] (URL0) scale, which is an almost universal scale that is found in many cultures. You only have 5 unique notes to choose from. Third, the melody nicely applies [tension] (URL1) and release evenly throughout. What this means is that there are some notes that sound like they naturally belong there, and if you use a note that is off from it, it feels satisfying when it finally leads to the relaxing note: this is called tension and release. So when you hear the melody line and come across a note that isn't relaxing, you subconsciously anticipate that the very next note will be the relaxing one. Fourth, the melody in the song is highly structured. The pattern is made up of simple short "phrases" that call on each other. For example, at 0:53, the structure is simple ABAB'. That is, there is a phrase A, and B answers A's call. Then then A comes up a second time, you expect B to show up again; but now it's slightly modified in a "twist," so we call it B'. This ABAB' pattern then gets repeated 4 times! You hear the A phrase a total of 8 time over 40 seconds. Basically, this song is a very very "typical" song, which is why you feel like you can predict its melody.', "Music is a medium that usually has some rules about what sounds good after a particular sound. For example, if you're listening to the radio and a song contains the notes E, F, then F, or any other 3 half-steps in a row, most people would immediately think something was off. When you listen to enough, you recognize the patterns at the very least subconsciously. And when you hear enough, those patterns begin to form. In most modern music, music theory is used extensively part of which is the theory of note combinations in a series. Like the above example, because that doesn't fit in well with music theory it would sound so completely off. I dead with music a lot, and study music more often than listening to enjoy, and it's very rare when I'm listening to a new song and I don't recognize the pattern. I hope this helps!