It was a way to "sell" in-flight movies. In the olden days, you needed to rent special headphones from the flight attendants to listen to in-flight radio stations and movies. The two prong headphone plug was nothing more than a simple DRM scheme, so that you couldn't use your own headphones. The two prongs are simply regular Left channel and Right channel mono plugs, so you could technically plug-in your stereo headphones into one of the jacks and get half the audio (of if the movie was old enough to be have mono sound, you'd get it all). Although, sometimes those jacks were the smaller 2.5mm variety, so your normal 3.5mm headphone jack wouldn't fit. Airport gift shops (unaffiliated with the airlines) used to sell 5 Y-adaptors that you could plug your headphones into, so that you could avoid the in-flight charge. URL0 Of course, these could also be purchased for 0.10 at Radio Shack, or even assembled from other adapters you already have in your junk drawer, so once it became commonplace to circumvent it (particularly among business travelers), and especially since the rise of portable DVD players, laptops, and eventually smartphones and tablets made paying for an in-flight movie less attractive to passengers, airlines basically gave up on the whole thing and started handing our their headphones to anyone who wanted them. Eventually they just put (or retrofitted) normal stereo jacks in all the seats and were done with it. Now, you'd think they could simply have cut the audio signal on a per-seat basis, and I think some airlines did try that eventually, but when the system was first proposed, that was too complicated and error-prone of a design. Using the headphone jack as a mechanical DRM system was cheaper, simpler, and very clever for its time. It also, as a side-effect, made it less likely for a passenger to steal the headphones, since they would be useless outside the airplane. Of course, these days, modern technology now allows them to resume charging passengers for in-flight entertainment by using devices embedded in the back of each seat, or by renting out handheld media players.', "not all do, but it is partly to make it less appealing to people that may decide to keep the headphones. they can't use them anywhere else.... so less people are likely to steal them.," "It was a mechanism to stop people from stealing the headphones. Now that headphones are far more common it's much less of an issue.