Full disclosure: Nearly just got killed by a semi that failed to notice a speed table while walking back from lunch break; it actually grazed me enough as it passed me by to sort of pirouette me around and into a mailbox. Semi just kept on going, a nearby homeless guy ran over and made sure I was alright, but I couldn't answer him I was just too busy laughing and giggling, and I don't know why. I've heard of other people reacting this way to nearly dying though, especially if it's sudden, so I assume there's something going on here.,There is one theory that laughter developed to let the tribe know that there wasn't a threat anymore. If you were hunting in the bush and you say the grass move, it might be something that was about to kill you. When the tiny rat came out of the grass, the person who saw it would laugh and the rest of the group would know "OK, that thing in the grass we were scared of isn't anything to worry about." This kind of fits in what we find funny today - humor is typically when the actual result is different than the expected result. In your example, it seems to make sense that you would laugh after nearly dying because the threat is over. You are safe and you are signalling to other that there is nothing to worry about.', "That's a common side effect of the fight-or-flight response. When you're suddenly in a dangerous situation like an incoming car or an animal attack, your brain sends signals to your adrenal glands (little lumpy bits on top of your kidneys) to start producing various hormones, such as adrenaline and dopamine. When that happens, your heart rate increases, your pupils dilate, your hearing is muffled, your digestive system slows down, and your muscles start burning energy faster, all so you can focus on either defending yourself or running away without having to stop and think about it. Of course having all those hormones suddenly flooding into your system has side effects, one of them being giddinesslaughing. This is likely caused by the hormone dopamine. It's typically produced when you feel pleasure, but also when you feel pain (physical and emotional), to help suppress it and calm you down. This can sometimes result in giddiness and nervous laughter in some people when they are really hurt or upset.