Neuroscientist here. There's a staggering amount of misinformation about dopamine floating around in popular culture. The truth is, dopamine is just a neurotransmitter: a chemical that neurons use to send signals to other neurons. One dopaminergic neuron in one brain area could release dopamine, but that signal is only going out to the neurons that neuron is connected to. The amount of dopamine some other neuron in a different part of the brain is releasing is totally unrelated. You think of neurons as people, then you could think of neurotransmitters as balls of different colors that the neuron-people throw to each other. Neurons transmit information this way, but the information and the signal that carries it are two different things. Alice might sometimes tell Bob she wants to a movie by giving him a red ball. From this, you might conclude that red balls are a "go to movie" signal. But Cedric tells Dan he wants to go to a movie by using a blue ball. And the town's police chief uses red balls to give people speeding tickets. What gives? This is basically what's going on with dopamine. Dopamine is just a way one neuron can signal another. In fact, it can have totally different effects on different cells, because different types of dopamine receptor can be excitatory, inhibitory, or something a bit more complicated. In fact, dopamine is used in many different systems. The brain circuit that controls lactation includes some neurons that signal other neurons using dopamine. But, like virtually every brain circuit, that's only one of the types of neurons in the circuit. One of the brain's movement related circuits includes some dopaminergic neurons (again, among several other types of neurons), and if the dopamine neurons in that circuit die, you get Parkinson's disease. It IS true that there is a brain circuit, referred to as the mesolimbic pathway system, that is involved in motivation, and that that circuit includes some dopaminergic neurons (among others). But it's not that simple. The dopaminergic part of that circuit is active when an unexpected good thing happens, but it can ALSO be activated by an unexpected BAD thing. So if the so called "reward circuit" isn't really a reward circuit exactly, and it's not really a dopaminergic circuit (any more than the other half dozen neurotransmitters the circuit uses), and dopamine is also used in plenty of other circuits, how do I answer your question? The answer: There is really no point in trying to understand motivation and goal directed behavior in terms of dopamine. They simply aren't connected in a way that's super meaningful.