Don't listen to answers that say artificial sweeteners cause insulin to spike. There are multiples studies that show no correlation between artificial sweetener ingestion and insulin levels. [Here] (URL0) is a blog listing various sweeteners and the studies associated with them. One reason for weight gain is "the Big Mac and Diet Soda" mentality. Many people justify eating more because they're having a diet beverage and just aren't good at estimating how many more calories they are consuming vs. how much they are saving by drinking diet drinks. There are observational studies that say, "People who drink diet drinks are more likely to be obese than those who don't." No shit. Skinny people don't tend to drink diet drinks, and fat people do. This is like saying, "People who take blood pressure medications tend to have higher blood pressure than those who don't" and conclude that blood pressure medications cause high blood pressure. It's a flawed logical conclusion based on faulty assumptions. Diet sodas don't directly cause weight gain. Weight gain can only come from consuming more calories than you burn off. What you eat along with your diet drink has more of an impact on weight gain than the drink itself.', "They can't. Diet soda is not as healthy as water for many reasons. but when it comes to gaining weight, that's a function of calories Diet soda drinkers may tend to consume more calories than their water drinking peers. maybe the diet soda plays a role in cravings, but it doesn't get turned into fat stores on your body," "You may or may not have read all the articles that have been published recently about the effects of Diet Coke on the body. I recently took heed to them after my fiance put an article in front of me and pointed out that my favourite drink might have actually been the cause of my struggles for years. I gave the drink up. This is my story:- As someone who had drank Diet Coke for nearly every single drink (apart from the occasional cup of tea) for the past 14 years it was very much part of my life. I have over the years had a great deal of issue with my weight. I always thought I was fat when I was younger (I was pretty normal) and so by the age of twenty I had developed an eating disorder. I would restrict my eating, dieting regularly, and drinking Diet Coke to keep me full. At first I would eat very nutritionally balanced meals, with a small deficit in calorie intake, of Vegetables, small pieces of protein and some unrefined carbs, but even when full I still wanted more and my weight loss wasn't enough. What was a mild diet converted into an eating disorder which soon developed into full on bulimia which very quickly spiralled into cycles of over eating and craving food from morning to night. I was obsessed with food. I drank litres of Diet Coke to fill me and ensure my calorie count was low. I would drink it at breakfast, lunch and dinner; if I was out on a night out, at yoga class or at the cinema, in fact I would drink it whenever possible. I didn't see this as a problem but more a taste option. As people around me would drink coffee and drinks higher in caffeine or calories I thought that my penchant for DCoke was pretty ok. I've never been a water fan and it helped me to get my liquids down, I felt comfortable with how low calorie it was, so that was good by me. My weight however and cravings for food escalated disproportionately to the amount I ate or sometimes didn't eat. To lose any weight I'd have to barely eat at all restricting calories down to a minimum. When I allowed myself to eat however I was a literal bottomless pit. I blamed this on having restricted my diet for so long and that my metabolism must have slowed down so much that it craved food all the time. The Speed of weight gain increased when I started eating normally once more. I entered a happy and successful relationship and began to eat regular meals which were balanced. I gained weight consistently and quickly, but I put it down to the damamge to my metabolism and it adjusting to the new intake. This is a reasonable thing to assume. I believe that it is partly true, but My appetite when full was insatiable and I could eat 4-5 large bowls of pasta at one sitting. This was an appetite I'd never had beforez I Ate til I felt sick and craving high sugar and high fat food. My weight went up and up until I had gained 3 stone and my doctor told me I was in the overweight category. At this point I was still drinking Diet Coke at every moment possible. This brings me to 2 months ago when I gave up Diet Coke and it is one of the hardest things I've ever done. I read an article shown to me by my partner and decided to prove him wrong in his blaming of Diet Coke for my appetitite problems and weight gain. I didn't want to give up Diet Coke for good. I love it. Still do. It was hell at first. I still can't see a can of it without getting cravings and it makes me shake and edgy to see it. The first week of giving up Diet Coke I lost half a stone without even noticing. My stomach was no longer bloated and I was no longer as gassy. My appetite has disappeared. I've now on the way to my normal BMI, losing weight every day, and I no longer crave sugary foods. I feel full without over eating and leave food on the plate. I have lost over a stone without any effort at all. Previously it was a struggle to not want more and more food straight after eating. Now I am struggling to eat a full plate. I can see now that Diet Coke has played a massive part in my struggles with my weight for years because of the food cravings it caused and I honestly blame it for my bulimia. If I had stayed away from it my weight loss would have been natural and gradual. I needed to write this if it will help anyone else who may become a victim to it. There is nothing Diet about Diet Coke.