Because chrome has every single tab every single extension and everything it does, as a separate process..... This means that if one crashes, the entire browser doesn't die.... It was in one of their launch videos I think.," "In programming we can choose the program to be fast in the processor or small in the RAM, but usually not both. It's like that restaurant pyramid (choose 2, good, fast, or cheap). Google, when designing chrome, went for lightning fast speeds and that requires more RAM. When you choose this option, you do a lot of processing work ahead of time, and store the info for later in the RAM, then it is really quick to access later. If they chose the other option (small ram, lots of processing) then they would store almost no info in the RAM but each time you requested that info they would have to spend processor time creating it.," "Because it's a non-issue. Using too much RAM only becomes a problem if you're already capping out your RAM. Google won't fix their memory usage anytime soon because too few people even realize that it uses so much memory and even less will notice a difference in performance.,You'd probably have to define what "so much memory" means. It's all relative; my browser tabs can take anywhere from 10mb to 1GB of memory, depending on the site I visit. 1GB on a 24GB system is relatively small and inconsequential to me. Also, knowing the version of Chrome you are using helps too, as it appears there was a patch a while back to address memory leak issues. Google is your friend. That said, there are too many factors that affect mem usage: web design, number of tabs you have opened, OS, browser design, etc. These days, computers should have enough RAM so an app sucking 2gb of RAM shouldn't slow you down too much. DOWNLOAD MORE RAM!','If you want to know where, in chrome, your memory is being used. Try putting this in your location bar 'chrome:memory-redirect' For me, the core Browser process is at 800MB, Gmail (1 tab) is at 1.5MB, Youtube (1 tab) is at 150MB, and the other 43 tabs (across 3 windows) are using a combined 2.1GB', "They can't fix an problem that isn't actually a problem. Chrome works differently to other browsers, if you don't like it use another browser.,Chrome, by design uses as much memory as possible, as unused memory is "wasted." It's also quick to relinquish whatever memory it uses when another process requests more. 90 sure Google stated this somewhere.', "Most of Chrome's memory usage is an intentional design feature. 1. It uses each tab in a separate process, which improves stability and performance, but uses more ram. 2. It stores a lot of cached data in ram to also improve performance. I'll put it this way; your computer has 8GB of RAM, and 7GB are unused. Would you rather Chrome use 300MB and feel sluggish, or use 1GB and feel fast? Google took the latter approach, with the understanding most people prefer performance. TL;DR Ram is there to be used.," "Because it's not actually a problem. The whole point is that it uses the ram so you can access your pages and other stuff quickly. Using the RAM isn't going to slow down your computer unless you are running out, which you generally won't be on a modern system. Keep in mind also that if you aren't using the RAM, there's really no point to it.," "I had the same issue and discovered certain things, as many have pointed out Chrome loads every tab individually so if one crashes the browser is still operable. But the real memory consuming is how Chrome deals with the loaded pages. If you're browsing for instant Reddit, every time you click on a link Chrome will load the new link but the previous page will still be loaded in the memory, this is helpful for instance when you want to go back quickly because the page is already cached in your memory; but it will overload your RAM with mostly unnecessary websites you may or may not go back. Some extensions help you cut this.," "Chrome opens up various iterations of Chrome helper for each tab you open. They finally became 64bit after dragging their feet on the Mac for the past few years. It's still a memory hog with upwards of 1g of RAM.," "Google secretly invested in RAM.... using too much memory? Upgrade time! 32GB here - it eats a lot of it, but I've got plenty to spare (3 windows open.... about 15 tabs each),Chrome runs every tab "like" its own browser, but it also does something similar for all your extensions. You can have 1 tab open, but several extensions (adblock, google translate, etc.) and it is going to requires a few hundred MBs of memory for all of these to function. They don't fix it because its typically not actually that much RAM for an active use program. If you have alot of background programs and 4GB of RAM you might struggle, but Chrome isn't the real problem there - its the background programs.', "Over the past year, Chrome has become completely unusable on one of my slower Macs. Keeping in mind, the computer has no problem pulling up the same exact websites and running the same sort of plugins in Safari or Firefox. But I try to use Chrome and soon enough my whole computer will come to a grinding halt complete with the fan running at full speed. Close Chrome and open the same exact websites in Safari or Firefox and my computer is completely fine. I have given up on Chrome for that computer (2011 Macbook Air Core i5 1.7Ghz with 4GB RAM. Which doesn't sound like much but as I said, Safari and Firefox run smooth as butter). Now on my 2012 Macbook Pro with quad Core i7 and 8GB of RAM, Chrome still runs competently.," "Am I crazy for thinking that my Safari experience in Mac has been the best and by FAR the fastest experience of web browsing? I don't know a ton about how browsers work- but I've tried every one under the sun and never had stable, quick and frankly, athletically pleasing experience than with safari. Go ahead with the hate now- I would love to hear why I'm wrong for believing this.,The size of the company only matters if they only make that one thing, and no company, regardless of its size, has an infinite amount of capable people to throw at a problem.','Anyone else pretty much never have a problem with this?