The purpose of the waiver is to be able to prove in court that the customer was informed of the risks of a reasonable activity. So, if I go on a horse ride and the horse gets spooked, throws me off and I break my back, I can't say that I wasn't informed that it wasn't a possibility. The waiver won't help for unreasonable activities like your poison competition, or negligence.," "They are not completely enforceable. In skydiving you hit the ground hard. This is just part of it. If you hit the ground and break your wrist or something, it covers that because that is just part of skydiving. If your parachute doesn't open and you die, the waiver would not be enough to prevent them from getting sued by your family if there is evidence that they gave you a shitty parachute, didn't perform proper maintenance on it, etc. Basically the waiver doesn't exempt the skydiving place from doing things right.," "To an extent they are enforceable, yes. Mostly the waiver is just a form of CYA. If you sign the waiver you are acknowledging ahead of time that you were informed of and accepted the risks involved. This will help the defendant's case if you (or your survivors...) should choose to sue. It's a form of protection but it's not carte blanche to get away with anything they want. Skydiving is an established practice so a waiver should be ok there. But talking about your 10 poison scenario - they would probably say that a waiver in a case like that is unconscionable and therefore unenforceable - it wouldn't be judged acceptable risk.," "One of the differences is whether the danger is inherent to the activity or is being deliberately increased by the person offering the waiver. For example, if you went to a restaurant that deliberately served raw beef, they might ask you to sign a waiver acknowledging that raw meat carries inherent risks of illness and parasites. However, if the restaurant was deliberately adding poison to their food, they can't handwave away the liability with a waiver. There are some things people are just not allowed to contract for, like assisted suicide in many jurisdictions, prostitution, and in this case putting someone at an enormous risk of death.