She was actually born with both sight and hearing, but lost it to disease at 19 months. She learned via touch and by having the words for various things spelled into her palm. She learned to speak by feeling peoples lips as they talked.','She had a memory of water from the time before she lost her sighthearing. Her teacher spent a lot of time trying to teach her signs, but she didn't get it until the teacher happened to run her hand under water and then do the sign for water. She remembered water, associated the sign, and then she was off and running. Her "signs" weren't sign language, by the waythey were based on a system of tapping the palm of her hand. She could also read and write braille.', "the truth and only correct answer is that she had an amazing teacher. There's a lot more to it than that but without Anne Sullivan her story would be very different or non-existent.," "A lot of patience from whoever is working with her. It's more frustrating for them than terrifying. I worked with a girl who is similar to Helen Keller over the summer last year. The job wasn't the best fit for me, but I stuck it out as long as possible. The girl I worked with was 12 years old, completely blind, and smaller than a fraction of hearing in one ear. With what minuscule hearing she had, she was fixated on music. It was the one thing that kept her grounded. She knew a few signs and could understand tactilly, but with a lot of repetition and patience. I was basically her eyes, ears, interpreter, only way I connecting to the world around her. I had all the patience in the world, but I still couldn't work with her any longer. When we had to put the music away from group activities, she would throw tantrums (verrrry similar to Helen Keller). Because that was her only way of connecting with the world. I give all the props in the world to Anne Sillivan. She is an angel among angels. I had to quit because it was too much for me. She would hit me, kick me, throw my phone (the only way she could listen to music), tear apart multiple pairs headphones and get mad when she couldn't listen to music anymore. I love working with deaf-blind individuals, but I had to do what was best for my health (mentally) and well-being. I was extremely close to withdrawing from working with this group forever. This job required a lot of trust from her, and she didn't have it for me. The kicker? She lives down the street from my parents. Maybe when she gets older I'll stop by and reintroduce myself to her. Edit: added some words and spelling corrections," "I get what OP is saying.... and I did a few units in school on Helen Keller... but I STILL can't seem to wrap my head around it. Like.... how did she even learn how to structure sentences and write these great speeches? How do you teach someone by letting her feel something? a word or object and have comprehension? I know the method... but HOW!!!?," "Well, she wasn't really born blind and deaf, but she did lose her sight and hearing at a very young age to scarlet fever or possibly meningitis. That said, she lived her early childhood without really any way to learn or communicate with others. But her parents brought in Anne Sullivan, who was blind herself. But Sullivan was also a certified teacher of the blind. She derived a system of signing where the listener would feel (as opposed to see) the hand signs. In short, she taught Keller how to communicate by touch. There's actually a famous movie about the relationship called The Miracle Worker.," "From what I've heard, she learned how to masturbate by reading her own lips.,Go to NefFlix and download The Miracle Worker.','Anne Sullivan arrived at Keller's house in March 1887, and immediately began to teach Helen to communicate by spelling words into her hand, beginning with "d-o-l-l" for the doll that she had brought Keller as a present. Keller was frustrated, at first, because she did not understand that every object had a word uniquely identifying it. In fact, when Sullivan was trying to teach Keller the word for "mug," Keller became so frustrated she broke the doll. Keller's big breakthrough in communication came the next month, when she realized that the motions her teacher was making on the palm of her hand, while running cool water over her other hand, symbolized the idea of "water"; she then nearly exhausted Sullivan demanding the names of all the other familiar objects in her world.','Imagine going through life in darkness almost nearly isolated, with alien like beings guiding you... and then you graduate college. Remarkable work by Anne Sullivan.', "You can watch [The Miracle Worker] (URL0) on YouTube. It chronicles Helen Keller's lessons with Anne Sullivan. She learned sign language by feeling Sullivan's hands.," "Don't you remember [The Miracle Worker] (URL1)? Anne Sullivan managed to teach Helen Keller how to communicate using touch.,Her flight instructor (Anne Sullivan) taught her everything.