You seem to be confusing math and applied math. Pure math doesn't care about the world. We can say 112 because we defined it as such. Math has lots of other logical statements (axioms) that we build upon. Math you can think of as a set of logical statements that we can manipulate to describe anything we want. What you are asking is why we apply specific math when describing the world. So you are really asking why science is confident it is correct. Modern science is based on building a math model and seeing how well it fits what we see. We know that gravity works in a specific math equation because we have made many independent observations that conform to the math model. Of course science can be wrong and has been many times. But of what we have observed we can be sure that it is not gibberish. edit: relevant [xkcd comic] (URL0)," "Math is basically just another language we use to describe things. It is an arbitrary system that humans created to do things that require stuff to be labeled and categorized in a certain way. We needed a way to express the difference between one of something versus two of something in the same way that we arbitrarily named colors. I think what you are really asking is why people are so sure about things, like particle physics or quantum physics, that are solely based on mathematical models when they can't be seen with our own eyes. This is called Skepticism and is a healthy requirement for any scientist or person, really. Skepticism should be based on a cautious hesitance to blindly accept information until it can be verified in some manner whether by you or a consensus of people smart enough to understand it. Your question is based on your (I'm assuming) less-than-advanced proficiency in mathscience. That kind of skepticism, one that requires first-person verification, is where boogeymen come from. An example of that kind of skepticism: If you are 5 years old and have mastered 112 and some random other kid tells you that you can also multiply those numbers to get 1 instead of 2, you can do one of the following: Blindly accept there word as truth without a second thought (which is basically what we call gullibility) Walk around telling people you dont believe in multiplication because you've never seen it, have no knowledge of how it work, but also refuse to learn about it. Investigate multiplication and find out it does exist, OR investigate the credentials of the source to find out that while you arent smart enough yet to understand, he is.," "There are some indications that math is not something we invent. Instead, it is likely composed of a series of self-consistent, existing relationships that we discover. The fundamental axioms of mathematics are well-supported by observable things in our material universe. Other animals have a sense of numeracy, which is what the human investigation of mathematics sprang from. So we are not alone as animals who have the concept of number. Also, we talk about inventing things like fire or tools or pottery, but in most instances we are only adapting or discovering things that already exist in the universe around us. If mathematics was entirely nonsense, our current society, with its reliance on engineering, efficient production, and social manipulation wouldn't exist. Every time a formula is applied successfully to a real world problem, it gains increasing credibility. Some formulas have been applied countless times. Thus they, and the mathematical principles they are constructed from have gone through enormous amounts of verification. While there is a vanishingly tiny possibility it is all coincidence and nonsense, that possibility is much smaller than the possibility that the sun will rise in the west tomorrow, or that you will wake up in another person's body, or that this universe is a virtual reality simulation.," " math had a great track record of being able to describe the universe...even when if it is subtly wrong somehow, it is still quite useful when math has failed to describe the universe, that often leads to new and better math often math doesn't care about the universe, and instead is more concerned with being self-consistent...in such cases it doesn't really make sense to say it is right or wrong