There are, broadly, two unemployment-related questions people want answers to. "I am an average person, how likely am I to be able to find a job?" and "I am an average person, how likely is it that I have a job?" The thing is, those are different questions. If you're answering the first one, it makes no sense to include those who have stopped looking for work, because you're not competing with them for a job. If you're answering the second one, it makes no sense not to include those people. So you have to decide which one you will report as "the" unemployment rate, and American economists have decided on the first one.','First of all, there are several different types of unemployment rates. However, the only one that gets reported is U3. U6 unemployment does count those who have stopped searching. It's a higher percentage so it's also more intimidating. The U6 unemployment rate counts not only people without work seeking full-time employment (the more familiar U-3 rate), but also counts "marginally attached workers and those working part-time for economic reasons." Note that some of these part-time workers counted as employed by U-3 could be working as little as an hour a week. And the "marginally attached workers" include those who have gotten discouraged and stopped looking, but still want to work. The age considered for this calculation is 16 years and over URL0', "because then it would include the retired and the young. Lets say I start a company making widgets, these widgets are super popular and I retire at 30 with 10 million dollars in the bank. Am I unemployed? of course not so I shouldn't be counted as such. Or I am a university student I work in the summer but then I quit and do school full time, it would also be silly to count me as unemployed unless I wanted a job and be at school at the same time. Further more there is another idea which is more useful but less popular because it is technical called capacity utilization. The idea here is that there is a rough idea of how much of value your economy can make in a given time period. Then the capacity utilization is a measure of how close to that theoretical maximum you are. To low and you have more jobs then people (bad) to high and you have more people then jobs (also bad).,In part it's due to the definition: we define a person as unemployed as "someone who is out of work, but is looking for work." Now, you can be out of work, and not looking for work, for a variety of reasons. You could be too young to work. You could be a student. You could be a stay-at-home parent. You could be retired. None of those people are looking for jobs; none of them are competing for job openings. When you're thinking about unemployment, you're thinking of a measure of how many people are out there, competing for job openings. If you stop looking for work, you're no longer competing for job openings.