Children enjoy repetition. Stories, movies, food. If once was awesome, a million times is a million times awesomer!', "Kids minds are still understanding the world and are still learning how to process the information received, hence they appreciate repetition since it gives them the chance to catch up things they have missed the first time. When you tell the same story over and over again they discover new meanings to the story and they make new associations which is very exciting. That's why popular tv program for toddlers like Blue's clues Ana Dora the explorer are so damn repetitive repetitive.," "For the same reason you like to hear the same song more than once. You recognize the pattern and enjoy the prediction and affirmation of that prediction. Imagine living in a prehistoric era when everything was unknown! Will the sun rise again tomorrow (sun religion) will we find food next month (throwing spears at cave paintings of animals) will she get pregnant (the moon as the symbol for the divine feminine.) We crave prediction and when our guess arrives correctly we get an outstanding shot of brain chemicals that reinforces the belief (or experience.) You KNOW when the chorus is about to begin, and man does it feel good to sing along! You KNOW James Bond isn't going to die during the first 20 minutes of a movie (because who wants to watch that?) but damn it feels good to be emotionally involved yet still feel good about the outcome. Does he like green eggs and ham?? DOES HE! I MUST KNOW!!! Not really.... I know that he will like them, and I want to enjoy the ability to be right about the future. He will like them. Trust me. The last thing a kid needs is stress about a world full of insecurities and problems that have no answers. No one wants to hear about the troubling story of the middle east (will there ever be peace?) because we enjoy conclusions, and we LOVE the feeling of control and prediction; something completely lacking in the real world.,Have you tried asking said 5-year-old? They would probably explain it to you like they were 5.','From my observation with reading books over and over again to my kids, they will apply something they learned that day to a book they've already heard a thousand times: "I know why the bunny hopped over the fence! He wanted to play with his friends just like how I wanted to play with my friends today but I can't because I'm sick." They learn so fast, that the same book is constantly changing and taking on new meaning to them, while being familiar and comfortable at the same time.','Next time encourage him to read it to you, especially if you think he knows it by heart, or read it together. Like he reads one page- you read the next.','Predictability is an oasis of calm in a huge world full of constant change.','Early Childhood teacher-in-training here. Learned in my Literacy class just last week about this. It's because of what they focus on. The first time reading, they'll usually ask a lot of questions. See the colors of the book. Feel it. Get an understanding of your voice. Each time you read it to them, they get a little better at reading it themselves. It's actually very beneficial to stick to one book for at least a month because they should be able to learn how to read with something they are familiar with loosely. My professor demonstrated with a video she captured of her son learning to read using a single book. The first time he read it, he wanted to play with the colors and kept turning the page before the book was finished. By the end of a month of reading it, he could read at least some of the words now and the others, he could figure out because of the rhymes and stuff. Kids actually do pick up on the fact that they are making progress. Your nephew doesn't feel "done" with the book yet. Either because he's missing something, or there might even be something in it he wants to talk about but doesn't know how to initiate that. Why not try asking him next time he reads it with you. Simple questions: - What do you like about the book? - If you wrote it, how would you want it to end? If you are tired of it or something, you can also offer to find books similar to it. He might have developed an interest in the subject.','Why do adults buy boxsets of TV seasons they have already watched? They enjoy them, that story is his Season X of TV program Y .','I study in Denmark, getting a pedagogue degree, its very very hard to translate into something meaningful, but means that im trying to become "A person who studies and practices the science of teaching." In all forms, also teaching a toddler to eat speak etc:) Youngh children loves repetition because its the way they learn. Every time you read the story to the child, he will learn something new, you say he knows it by heart now, but its not only the story he is trying to learn, also the face expresions you make, how you pronounce the words and how you "act" a dialoge. Alot of parents forget this when they read out loud, its hard-work reading to children!:) ','Children at that age are still learning the language. Learning languages is hard, and repetition is a great way to learn new vocabulary. By repeating the same books, each time, the child understands more, feels the sense of satisfaction of familiarity and success in the reading. Repeated studies have shown the benefit of rereading the same books on increasing vocabulary and language fluency in children, and increased satisfaction of children in the repetition.', "Well nottrevor, I'll answer your question with another question: Why do you like listening to the same song over and over again? That's why.,I remember this from when -I- was five. My life was so chaotic and crazy and weird and everything was so new that it was a comfort to know this story was going to be exactly the same. The silly kitty was going to fall into the lake -after- confronting the angry cow. Then he was going to run into the barn and then out of the barn and meet the weird animals in the forest. Whatever craziness my life throws at me, the story was going to be -exactly- the same always and that was a great comfort.', "You get pleasure from being able to predict a story. It's why every TV show is the same and they all have the same problems and issues to work through. And why reruns are so popular.," "He might enjoy your company, or something specific to you, e. g.: your emotion and inflection when reading, vs the babysitter that wishes she'd be anywhere but here with your nephew.