Not very knowledgeable here, but here's a brief explanation on two main ways: 1. Large enough insurance companies have policy holders across the country, even if one area is hit hard the rest may never get hit at all. It's a numbers game, do we have enough low-risk policy holders to compensate us for the high risk ones? 2. Insurance company's take out insurance against things like this, just in case. Insurance is just a fancy term for'financial contract for if shit hits the fan'. This is where we get things like the FuturesForwards market from, people trying to hedge their risk by selling to people willing to gamble.," "Your insurance company doesn't always hold your policy any more than Walmart makes your Nintendo console. Many consumer insurance companies simply resell the risk of the insurance to an even larger company, for example Berkshire Hathaway one of the wealthiest companies in the world. Besides this insurance companies employ a lot of data scientists to make very accurate predictions about what their risk might be. The insurance industry has enough money to pay these sorts of things off because people pay a ton of money for insurance, and not just health insurance. In the developed world on average 9 of all the income of every dollar spent in an entire year goes into insurance, in the US that's almost 2 trillion dollars each and every year that goes straight to pay for these sorts of things and sits there until it's needed.,Insurance as an industry spreads risk all over the globe. Insurance companies determine how much they will retain (risk retention, normally a band, say 0-500k) then reinsure the risk above that. That reinsurance policy can include a large pool of reinsurers, like General Re, Munich Re etc. tldr insurance companies have insurance', "I work for an insurance company. Disasters are force majeure and usually not covered, and for those policies that do cover them, we have actuaries (basically statistics guys) making sure that the loss of disaster is lower than the expected premium investment earnings earned. And if there's something wrong with the math, or luck runs out, an insurance company could go underwater due to disasters, especially small ones which cannot diversify very well.,Quite a few polices specifically exclude certain scenarios to avoid that. I assume there will be quite a bit of wrangling on the issue of wether or not the damage was done by the Hurricane or the flooding afterwards to determine whether insurances will have to pay. There also is the fact that insurance companies themselves are insured with so called re-insurance companies. In the case of a huge payout that could really harm the insurance company they get paid by their reinsurer.', "I live in California, and earthquake insurance is an entirely separate policy from regular homeowner's.... I am guessing the same is true in other regions at a particular risk for a particular disaster that may cause widespread damage.," "Correct me if I'm wrong but normally insurance for natural disaster is often more expensive in areas where the chance of such disaster is higher.," "Sometimes they do go bankrupt. I lived in south Florida during Hurricane Andrew and several companies went bankrupt. I'm not certain what changed exactly, but I do know that several insurance related laws and regulations were put in place in the state specifically because of what happened post Andrew.," "Don't worry, they accounted for this, and they're still making tons of money on top. That's why you pay a premium when you want insurance. You pay for the risk the company takes what they charge you for the service. Over millions of people, everything balances out.," "It's like gambling companies when a surprising match score happens. They have enough influx of money to take the loss.