If you're driving at what I think you're driving at, the worst that happens is that you'll have a bump from the fluid being trapped under your skin that'll be tender and will be absorbed by your body within a couple of days.," "When dealing with livestock, we rarely inject into veins. Animals being too wiggly for that sort of thing. So there are two other standard classes of injection, intramuscular (IM) and subcutaneous (SQ). Far more drugs are delivered these ways than IV. Drugs designed for IM use have a rapid effect as they end up transferred into the blood quickly. IM injections are painful in larger volumes. Most human injections designed for consumers are IM (insulin, epinephrine, vaccines etc) edit: OK, not insulin! as they are hard to mess up. Most of these in fact should NOT be injected into a vein as side effects will result. This means if you are injecting into your own veins.... you're probably not supposed to be doing that. SQ injections go right under the skin, form a lump and seep slowly into the body. If the volume is high, this method must be used I.e. standard emergency treatment for milk fever in sheep is 100cc CalMag SQ. This must be spread over 5 locations as it is a lot of fluid! You can also inject interperitoneal, which is into the body cavity. Rapid effect, huge risk of infection, emergency lifesaving procedures only. Don't even think of injecting anything this way. Edit: for those who want the direct answer to the question: either the effect will be weakerslower as described above, or it may cause local tissue damage. Thanks to all the human docs who came in to clarify animalhuman differences!,MD here. Lots of medications are meant to be injected either under the skin into the fatty tissue (subcutaneousSC) or into muscle tissue (intramuscularIM). For example, insulin and some blood thinners are injected SC, while most vaccines are given IM. A lot of medications can be given either intravenously (IV) or IM or SC. The main difference with the SCIM routes is that the drug will be absorbed into the bloodstream more slowly, which may be preferable in certain situations. However, other medications can be disastrous if they leak out of a vein extravasate. These are often highly concentrated, hyperosmolar solutions such as hypertonic saline, calcium chloride, or the IV contrast used for CT scans. The result is often necrosis (death) of the affected tissue, pain, swelling, and compartment syndrome, which can cut off blood supply to the affected extremity and lead to amputations. When it comes to recreational drugs like heroin, the intensity of the "high" is relative to how fast the drug gets into the brain. Injecting into a vein, therefore, is going to deliver the drug to the brain in a high concentration within seconds, with the resulting "rush" that IV heroin users are chasing. If you miss the vein, the heroin is probably going IM or SC, so it will get into the bloodstream, and the brain, more slowly, with a less intense high. A lot of long-time heroin users have scarred up their veins so much that they have to resort to "skin popping," which is basically SC or sometimes a more superficial "intradermal" injection. This often leads to awful skin and soft tissue infections and abscesses. All those nasty pictures you've seen floating around Reddit of "krokodil" users and their horrid necrotizing skin infections are the result of chronic skin popping and IM drug injection.','Depends on the drug. Some drugs, like epinephrine, are actually better absorbed through muscle tissue, which is why epi-pens are used on the thigh. Drugs which are injected into a vein, however, will likely cause tissue necrosis (death) or even worse things if improperly used.', "I had to self inject fertility meds, both IM in the butt SubQ in the gut. Redness, a little sore but that's pretty much what's to be expected. I once had an IV in my hand and apparently the nurse missed the vein. It wasn't painful, but my hand looked and felt swollen. Was very unpleasant. So really, it all depends on what your injecting. Either you'll be fine or you'll die;),Nationally board certified infusion RN here. Generally, it is dependent on what is injected. Isotonic? Alkaline? Acidic? Caustic? Sterile? Let's say it's just something that's not harmful to the body like sterile 0.9 saline. It will just absorb into the body over time. Time absorbed is dependent on amount infused and which part of the body infused. Many different antibiotics and other medicines are given subcutaneously or intramuscularly. Then there is the other side of the spectrum. Let's say you have a caustic antibiotic or substance that is harmful to the cells in your body. It will cause cellular death and necrosis, which could then cause an inflammatory response from the body and a whole new set of problems. Then what if you inject something that isn't sterile? Like heroin in a dirty needle? This is quite common with drug users that either miss the veins or "skin pop." This can cause abscesses, or collections of bacteria and purulent fluid. If not treated, these can become a systemic infection leading to sepsis and bacteremia. On mobile. Did my best while working!','It would be extremely painful. For you. Jokes aside, in pharmacology, we have three areas of administration for drugs, via the vein, into a muscle or under the skin. If you inject into other areas say, bone, it would be really painful since the area surrounding bone is the periosteum, a membrane filled with capillaries and nerves. If you inject to a body cavity, it will probably stay there until the body absorbs it over time. This is the principle behind treating Hydrocephalus (water in the brain), where they put a tube from the brain into a cavity called the peritoneum which acts like a bag that encases your guts.','As somebody else has explained there are different types of injections: intramuscular, intravenous, and subcutanous. Intramuscular uses a long tipped needle and injects deep into muscle. This is typically done on your upper arm muscles (kind of where your triceps are) or the top of your leg (above the knee). This is how those epinephrine emergency pens work for people going into severe allergic shock. Large needle shoved into the top of the leg. Subcutanous is injected just beneath the skin or into fatty tissue. Insulin is subcutanous, you typically inject it into the fat on your waistthigh area. I imagine most prescribed medicines given by injection are not IV because of the difficulty of finding a vein and the...tendency of veins to collapsescaretc. As a recovering IV heroine addict I can give some further insight though. There are veins in your palm so it is possible to IV there with practice (and I have), but if you were to miss the shot would just sit in a bubble under your skin for some hours before being absorbed. (been there too) Same for pretty much anywhere else you SQ. Look at this trend in japan called "Bagel Head." They inject saline into their forehead and it just sits there in a bubble for a few hours before dissipating and having to be redone. URL0', "Something I can post about! Story time! I had kidney stones on New Years Eve 2011. I didn't know what was wrong at first, but it was THE WORST pain I have ever felt so I went to the Emergency Room. I was in such extreme pain that they were going to put a needle in my arm to give me some pain medicine through an IV. So the nurse guy comes in and puts the needle in. I don't look because I can't stand the sight of needles. So he does it and leaves. About 5 or so minutes goes by and I still have not looked at my arm with the needle in it but it starts to feel really weird and kinda painful. It's been almost 10 minutes and I am still in EXCRUCIATING PAIN. Finally, another nurse comes in and she looked at me with a terrified face and ran out. I finally looked down at my arm and it was freaking like 5 times the normal size. My whole arm and hand had swelled up to the size of a large man's arm. Turns out that instead of putting the IV in my vein, the stuck it in my artery.," "Like everybody else said, theres a couple routes you can give a drug, and depending on the drug, it'll have different effects. For example, If you were to, say start an IV (intravenous), but you miss, and it goes interstitial (outside of the vein), and you inject dextrose (basically sugar, used for low blood glucose), it'll have a necrotic effect. it'll basically kill the tissue and blacken it.,Some drugs, like Humira are designed to be subcutaneously injected - fine needle into the leg - fluid is absorbed over a day or so. So, it all depends on the substance injected. If you want to look at some (NSFL) tissue necrosis, google "Injection Injury" to see what the wrong substance can do under your skin.','That is called an intramuscular injection, into a muscle but not a vein. Whatever drug will not hit the system as quickly as an intravenous (vein shot), so the effect will not be as strong and it will take longer to "come up" or hit. source- worked in a nursing-related field', "If I'm not mistaken, aren't steroids injected into the thigh or buttocks?