For millenia humans were hunters and gatherers. We moved from place to place and ate the plants and animals that grew there. Then, the neolithic revolution happened. We figured out that we could domesticate animals and grow plants for our own purposes. Agriculture created a surplus of food that allowed us to stay in one spot permenently. Additionally, agriculture meant that not everyone had to gather food. This created the "division of labour" Some people became artists, others became craftsmen or merchants. These advancements enabled the development of civilization.', "Prior to the advent of agriculture and cement people wandered, lived in natural shelter, and made things out of stuff like trees and pointy sticks. Basically, up until about 10 000 years ago humans were nomadic hunter gatherers. Fire pre-dates modern humans, as does early tool use, essentially we were born into that, but homo sapiens seem to have a knack for continually making better tools. Some of what people were up to until about 40 000 years ago is killing off or mixing with the other hominids of the Homo genus (probably the best known being the Neanderthals who were either (or both) partially absorbed into homo sapiens and partially killed off), and some refining of tools, clothing and language. Basically modern humans didn't leave africa until about 70 000 years ago, but earlier human relatives were around for the better part of 2 million years. Somewhere in africa a couple of hundred thousand years ago the species emerged as a branch of another species, and then there's sort of absorption and expansion into neighbouring regions, that lasts 150k-180k years. About 70 000 years ago modern humans get to the Levant (syrialebanonisrael) and encounter the already existing Neanderthals, as they go further east the encounter denisovans, then over 30 000 or so years those groups either merge into modern homo sapiens through breeding, or they get killed off. Then you have modern homo sapiens in relatively small widely distributed clusters around most of the world. Rather than set up shop somewhere they could always move (hence finding homo sapiens in north america despite the apparent problems of getting here from either east asia or west africa or europe).," "Moores law. I took so long to accumulate enough data for the next step. It's all exponential," "Up until about 10000 BC, they were trying to survive an ice age. We are currently in the middle of an interglacial warm period, but for most of those 200,000 years the earth was much colder. About 10,000 BC, the climate warmed, and the glaciers retreated. This allowed human to settle, perfect language, discover agriculture and writing and that's when things really took off.,I would hesitate to say we lacked civilization entirely prior to 6-10k years ago. Cities were first founded about that time, which is almost certainly a consequence of the agricultural revolution. The growth of agriculture and husbandry is generally something we recognize as a mark of civilization. Art has been around even longer than that (see neolithic cave paintings for example), a mark of civilization; toolmaking as well. Domestication of animals preceded the rise of cities, and may have played a minor role in the discovery of agriculture (if we can domesticate animals, can we domesticate plants? By domesticating dogs, perhaps some time andor individuals in a tribe were freed up to farmtry farminggot bored and tried it? I have no idea.) Highly organized societies might be a better way to phrase your question? More accurate, at least. As to what changed, it was almost certainly the rise and spread of agriculture and husbandry. Those two discoveries allowed people groups to: 1) stay put and not chase gameharvests all over a continent, and 2) support much larger populationsmany of whom suddenly had time and energy for non-survival skills like metal working, weapon making, military strategy, organizing and developing mythologies (religions), art and architecture, and developing trade with other cities and city-states. All of those had previously existed to small degrees and in fragments here and there, but the ability to support a large population in one spot allowed these "other" activities to grow exponentially. The development of writing also dates to this period, though some informal scratching may have existed previously (think tally marks and pictures).','Highly recommend "The Mainspring of Human Progress" for a fascinating discussion on this exact topic.