Sometimes you can tell by their surnames. Common Korean names are Kim, Park, Cho, or Han. Very simple. You can usually recognize a Japanese name, like Takahashi, Nakamura, Hayashi, Yamamoto, etc. - very different from Korean or Chinese names. Japanese names never start with V, X, or Z, but Chinese names may start with X or Z. Common Chinese names are WangWong, Chang, Wu, Yang. But there is some overlap, of course, so use this with a grain of salt. A lot of Asians can't even differentiate by looks most of the time, so don't feel bad. Just ask politely like you're just curious and they probably won't mind telling you.," "I'm Asian, let me just throw this story here: I was on a bus once, two other Asians sat a few rows behind me. They discussedargued for a good half an hour about my ethnicity, in my language Edit: just curious, why is it imperative for you to know? Do you ask a white person what is hisher ethnicity?,Here's a question Can you differentiate between a Russian, a Pole, a Czech or an Austrian? They look exactly fucking alike, barring extreme regional differences. However, get their cultures mixed up and you'll likely have offended them. It's the same idea with Asians. Only, they're yellow so they're "foreign" compared to the relatively white faces of european countries', "Ask them. Don't bother guessing, it's not worth it.," "You really can't but that's ok. Most will not get offended if you ask nicely where there are from. Same goes for Hispanics as they generally are hard to differentiate but often people will appreciate that you did not just assume anything without asking first.," "Just by eye? It's hard if you aren't one of those, and it's not easy even if you are. Best to ask. It's usually not a touchy subject. There are certain subtle physical features that appear in, say, Koreans but less so among southern Chinese, or in certain Japanese populations but not in Northern Chinese, but because of mixing, migrations, war, etc. relying on those won't be reliable. You can also listen in on them, but again, that's unreliable. I solely speak fluent English whenever I'm outside, and many others do so as well. And being unable to write my language won't help. So. Just ask. Nobody's gonna get offended, and it's a good conversation opener.," "You can'tshouldn't in general. There's people that look distinctly Chinese, those that look distinctly Japanese and those that look distinctly Korean. I would estimate like 25 of them look like that. The other 75 it's hard to tell. There's definitely people I could easily recognize but for everyone that I can easily recognize, there's MORE that I can't. The other way to try to tell is by their accent or what language they speak. If you're some what familiar with the different Asian languages you can tell what language they're speaking even if you don't understand it. Or you can tell by last name like someone already suggested.