Because developing a great concept is much, much easier than bringing a new idea to market and making it commercially viable for everyone, and also because tech writers will underestimate how long this entire process will take. For example: new gene editing technique comes out and researchers cure 100 if cancers in mice using it. Wired flips the fuck out, publishes an article about how we'll all be cancer free tomorrow. But mice are not humans. So gene therapies dont have a perfect 1:1 conversion from mice to humans. Humans are much more complex, with many different cancers. And theyre a lot harder to recklessly experiment on and then perform autopsies on for the sake of science. So perfecting that same cure in humans is a bigger uphill battle than it seems. Then theres the FDA, clinical trials, fundraising, fighting outright or indirect sabotage by pharmaceuticals. Even in less restrictive countries than the US, youre looking at at least a decade. Even in non-medical breakthroughs, a whole shitload of great concepts get scrapped because they are too expensive to mass produce. A company cant sustain itself, so the idea goes away. Its frustrating; we lose a LOT of great imnovations because either the world isnt ready for it and doesnt recognize the incredible value, or the comoany cant figure out cost effective ways to brjnf it to market.,Because, by and large, journalists are idiots when it comes to science, medicine, and technology. And university press departments are usually not much better. The process usually goes like this: scientists make a significant but incremental discovery new drug kills 20 more cancer cells in mice the university, looking for publicity and grant money, issues a press release new drug kills cancer cells in mice journalist doesn't understand press release and wants to write a sexy story that will get published new drug kills cancer cells editor skims story and writes attention grabbing headline to sell more ads breakthrough may cure cancer ', "Because they're written by people who are far more interested in attracting readers with supposedly revolutionary news than understanding and presenting the innovation properly.,Because they are often reporting based on press releases from the PR people who made the innovation, or based on a poor understanding of the published results. Pretty much anyone can report any "findings" to a journal and get it published. Usually if these findings are bunk they are quickly debunked. That's why once a year someone claims they found the key to cold fusion, and then you never hear about them again.