It depends on the team really. Sometimes it's just random stuff and sometimes it's changing the play or pointing this out to the offense.,I don't think any of these answers are ELI5... Pretty much every team can change little things about the play they called right before they run it (start the play). So for example, if they call the play, get to the line, and see something on the defense that would counter the play they called, they can yell "OMAHA" which is a codeword to change something in the play, which will be better suited to counter what the defense has setup. I'm sure they have some random words that they throw in that do nothing to fakeout the defense if they think the defense knows their keywords and such. Defense has the same thing aswell. Codewords which change their plays and stuff.','Everyone's touched on the main idea. Essentially you should walk away knowing that the words aren't literal. They're codes. They're codes only that team knows. If you yelled out, "Hey Steve, go that way!" then the other team would know where Steve was going. If you yell out "Foxtrot Uniform 72!" and it means the same as "Steve, go that way!" then Steve will do that - except the other team won't really know it. Unless, somehow, they figure it out. But they have to figure it out on the field, because taping another team or watching them practice to get those things is against the rules. Possibly even illegal.','Usually a color-number "green 57, green 57" is just the QB's cadence before he calls for the ball to be snapped. The same QB will usually have the same cadence, and just vary the number of times he says it to keep the defense guessing. Other times he'll call out the middle linebacker "52 is Mike" so the offensive line knows the center point of the blocking scheme. Occasionally you'll hear key words like "razor" "ringo" "lasso" which may sound arbitrary but are actually called audibles and are changing the play called in the huddle. Sometimes words that start with an L or R tell the offensive line to shift the blocking scheme above to the left or right, respectively. Sometimes they indicate a completely different play to be run, or to change the direction of the current one, or even direct just one or more of the receivers to run a different route. In cases where the offense doesn't huddle, the QB will usually call the play with some combination of hand signals and words. TLDR: It really depends.