Originally outlet malls sold name brand items that were overstock or discontinued lines, like clothes or accessories from a previous season. When the labels couldn't sell them they would send them to their outlet stores to make room for new stock in their main stores, that way they could still get money for them as opposed to throwing them out or spending money to store them somewhere. The outlet stores themselves were much more basic in design than the dedicated stores and department stores that the brand was normally sold in, and they were usually in out of the way places where land was cheaper. This was done so not as much money had to be spent on building and maintaining an opulent storefront, so they are spending less money to be able to sell the discounted item and therefore increasing their profits. There is a growing trend in dedicated outlet malls now, though, where name brand labels are manufacturing more cheaply made and generally lower quality items that are intended to be sold in outlet stores from the beginning. These items may seem similar to the items that the label would sell in their flagship stores, but may be made of cheaper materials or have simpler construction techniques, and are never intended to be sold alongside their higher end items.,Outlet stores serve two purpose: 1) It gets rid of overstock and introduces new items. It serves as a "safety valve" for inventory; if retailers aren't picking up an item, ship it off to the outlet store. 2) They're cutting out the middleman. Outlet stores are company-owned The Sony Outlet so they don't have to pay the retailer. Instead of Sony Walmart Consumer, it's Sony Consumer. Outlet malls are usually out of the way because they don't want to piss off their retailerswhy would you go to Wal Mart to get a shoe if you can just go to Adidas outlet and get the same thing for half price? By offering most of their inventory as things retailers don't want and being far away from retailers, they can make money on the outlet side. There's also tax benefits due to inventory as well.','Thanks guys for answering this question clearly! I really appreciate it, just a random question that popped up in my mind is all.:) (gives everyone upvotes)