Originally almost all animals that could be domesticated lived in Eurasia, like the cow and pig. The Americas only had the llama, which was still hard to domesticate. Because of the possibility of domesticating animals, communities grew larger, because more food was available. This caused more people to be set free from hunting and agriculture. These people could then devote their time to inventions, which lead to this huge development advantage.', "It depends on what you consider advanced. For example: the aztecs has a sewage system and coupled with the lack of domesticated animals, then this made epidemics unheard of. Their math system was based on 20 and not 10 and only used 3 symbols and therefore were very efficient especially with higher numbers. Their doctors were separated into specialties. They had surgeons, antibiotics, antifungal medication, sedatives, anticancer medication which modern research has shown that it worked. The road system was very advanced and that's what made travel by the Europeans easy. It's why conquering other nations harder or in some cases never. By the same token they didn't have the wheel. The were great gold and silver smiths but didn't use iron even though it was readily available. Their cultures prioritized different values, so they branched off down different technological paths.,Always thought the second half of [this video] (URL0) was a good easy summary of the issue, this video was based on conclusions from a book called "Gun, Germs and Steel" which is a book that sets out to answer your very question, some people don't agree with the assumption but I personally think this video gives a solid argument as to the main reason Europe was so ahead.','Agree with other posters with Guns Germs and Steel as the most plausible theory. The title is misleading. It should be "Horizontal land masses are better,'Human settlement of the Americas only started less than 20000 years ago and with much smaller population figures than those in Eurasia and Africa. The smaller initial population meant nomadic hunter-settler societies in the Americas took longer to adapt agriculture and form civilizations. And all technological breakthroughs from domestication, agriculture, and metal working have to be independently developed from the old world. Lack of domesticated draft animals are also a factor in slowing development, as these allowed massive agriculture productivity increases instrumental to population growth.','I would say that great strides in progress come from being disadvantaged. Europe stripped much of their resources, their population grew and became crowed, and there was a lack of human comfort. Whenever there is a problem, and depending on the severity of the problem, it is human nature to seek out a solution. When societys are content and their populations are satisfied with their way of doing things, there is no reason to upset the apple cart.