So if you're a nation, big corporation, or a person who has a job of investing the retirement plans of thousands of people, you sometimes have the problem where you have a lot of money with nothing to spend it on. You can't just go and buy stuff, because stuff normally breaks down and you can't normally get your money back in 10-20 years when you'll need it. You can't really put it in a bank, because banks sometimes fail, and you might end up losing all your money. You could buy stocks, or shares in companies. This is good because you could make a good amount of money, but it's also risky, because companies go bankrupt all the time. Even the most stable companies are still considered somewhat risky. Your money is too important to risk it, you don't need to make a lot of money, you just need to make sure your money stays safe and maybe makes you a little bit of profit. You could put your money in something called a mutual fund, which is basically a way of investing in a lot of different stocks. This isn't a bad bet, but it is still somewhat risky, people who invested in these prior to the 2009 recession lost money. So what's a guy who is afraid of risk to do? Well you could invest in nations! Specifically, you could lend money to a country by buying something called a government bond. This isn't a bad idea because countries are about as safe as you can get. The way it works is you buy a bond, and the government gets money to do whatever it wants, in 10-20 years they give you slightly more money back. The problem is that some nations (Greece) actually have defaulted, which means they told people who held their bonds "hey, you're not getting your money back, sorry." There aren't a lot of options then, those people lose a lot of their money, and if you run a company you can't really force a nation to pay you. You buy bonds because you trust they'll pay you, because they always have, but when they don't pay? Well you gotta look elsewhere. So you gotta pick a safe country right? What makes a safe country? Well a good track record of a strong economy. What have people decided is the best option? The United States. We've never ever failed to pay back a bond. We are frequently considered one of the safest bets in the world. So companies, investors, your grandma who bought you a savings bond, and other nations have all used the united states as a place to store their money. To keep it safe and make a little back in profit possibly. So what does this have to do with the debt limit? Well, in order to pay back people who loaned us money we sometimes issue new bonds, new debt, in order to pay them off. But what if we couldn't issue new bonds? Well that's what happens when we hit the debt limit. We've already sat down at the restaurant and ate our food, but when the bill comes out we're on the verge of saying "sorry we can't pay." If that were to happen the impact would be enormous. "The Safe Bet" would suddenly become risky, and people would drastically reduce the money they loan us which would mean we would have to massively cut down on programs, which would cause millions to become unemployed, and very likely lead us (and the entire world) into an economic collapse. The trust the world has in the US economy and our ability to pay back our debts would be damaged for a long time. Let me know if that makes sense, and if people think I made any critical mistakes feel free to let me know:).','The government spends a lot of money, for better or worse. This money helps drive the economy by paying workers and buying products. If that money flow were to suddenly stop, then a good chunk of the economy would suddenly lose its business, which would play havoc.