What you're referring to is the [Mid-Atlantic (or Trans-Atlantic) Accent] (URL0). It was an amalgam of American and British English that taught in boarding schools, and thus became common in upper-class households. It then became popular in the media because it was a kind of "neutral" accent, and didn't make one sound like they were from any particular geographic location.','It also sounds old timey because older recording are very frequency limited. Old recording devices did not record low frequency very well so you hear a lot of midrange and a bit of high. This sounds a lot different then the 20Hz to 20KHz we can record today. I can explain more technically if you like.', "From what I heard in an interview once that type of talking was referred to as'barking'. It was a way of talking more in your mouth than your throat so that you could keep doing it all day without any strain, and then come back and do it the next day.,In a hundred years some kid will ask the same thing about your old time accent.','Two things: 1st language changes slightly over time, so that every generation speaks slightly differently from their parents. That's why 16th or 17th century English is different from modern English, and why British English is different from American English. 2nd, there are "fake accents" that people put on when they're talking in public. This is what you hear among radio broadcasters, television reporters, or British stage actors. They're taught to speak a certain way so that they all sound alike. So, for example, you could have a reporter on CNN with a strong regional American accent, say a southern accent, upstate New York accent, African-American Los Angeles or Brooklyn accent, or Boston accent. But when they're working as reporters they don't speak in their native accent, they speak in the generic fake TV accent. That's also what you hear in the old radio broadcasts- an outdated version of the fake broadcast accent that people were taught to use in public. The way people talked in real life would've been different.','I heard an interview with an old moviestar who explained that film was (as it still is) expensive and therefore the directors asked them to speak faster to save on film. This was from the thirties upto maybe the fifties when Brando and Dean and such pioneered a more natural way of speaking in movies.