You have two different kinds of structures in your retina: cones and rods. Cones see color. There's like 6 million of them in your eye. You need them to be able to see any color at all. Downside: they're not very sensitive to light. You need a lot of outside light for them to function. They also can make out finer details than rods. That's why everything isn't a big blurry mess. Rods are much more sensitive to light. You also have way more of them, like 100 million. So your rods can "see" in way less ambient light than cones need. But they're not sensitive to color at all. So, when you are in the dark for some time, the cones kind of "turn off" because color information isn't super important. The rods can then amp up their sensitivity. They can't stay super-sensitive all the time because they get overloaded. Know when someone flashes you, and it blinds you, and you see a blob of light roughly at the same point in your field of view from where the light that blinded you came from? That's some of your rods freaking the (out because they got overloaded, and they basically don't turn off, reporting bright light where there is none. Okay SO, to finally answer your question, red is the color that your eyes overall are least sensitive to. So when you've "got your night vision" (all your cones have turned off, rods are amped up) red light doesn't overload anything. So you get the benefit of your cones being active and you being able to see anything in detail, but also your rods don't revert back to their default less-sensitive state they're usually in when your cones go "online" You don't lose your "night vision." this answers your question about LEDs looking brighter or dimmer as well', "Your eye has two main kinds of photoreceptors: rods and cones. Cones are responsible for daylight vision, and can see color and detail. Rods can't do either but can function in low light. If you stimulate those too much you lose your night vision. These graphs show how sensitive they are to different wavelengths of light: [Photopic luminosity] (URL0) (photopic vision cones) [Scotopic luminosity] (URL1) (scotopic vision rods, or night vision) Light starts to look red above 620 nm or so. Cones are reasonably sensitive to that wavelength. Rods don't respond at all at that point. Because they aren't stimulated, you don't lose your night vision. It's similar to asking why your TV remote doesn't blind you: its infrared light doesn't have an appreciable effect. Red light is the same to rods, although at least you can see it because you have cones. To answer your other question, the same graphs show your eyes are most sensitive to the yellow-green range. Your lens also usually focuses that wavelength best. Your vision is tuned to extract the best image there.