Firstly, downforce has far more to do with cornering than it does acceleration. Only in extremely high-powered vehicles is there the potential for the drive wheels to break traction at the kind of speeds where downforce-generating aero aids are effective. It's far more common for these'spoilers' to be employed to keep the vehicle stable during high speed cornering. For this reason, the comment about them being useless on front-wheel-drive vehicles is entirely incorrect. Aerodynamic aids can (and most definitely are) built into the front of vehicles to create downforce over the front wheels. Without these downforce-generating structures, the general shape of a vehicle (flat on the bottom, curved over the top) can often imitate the function of a plane's wing - the lower air pressure over the top of the vehicle causes lift to be generated at high speeds, leading to instability. Generally this is insignificant on normal road-going passenger vehicles, but high performance sports car, supercars, and race cars are often capable of speeds where it can be an issue. A related factor is weight. Normal passenger vehicles are usually noticably heavier than their sportsrace counterparts. The extra weight provides a downward force on the tyres, improving the lateral grip during cornering. As a result, no (or minimal) aero aids are needed. However, in race cars weight is considered (for the most part) undesirable as it has negative effects on acceleration and handling. So, how do you get the benefit of weight (the downward push on the tyres that increases grip) without the extra mass that creates inertia and resists changes of direction? You use air to push down on the car. The force is applied, but you aren't penalised by carrying extra mass. There's a downside to this though - more aerodynamic downforce creates more drag. Cornering improves, but top speed suffers. Booooo! Huge amounts of time and money are spent on tuning the aerodynamic properties of high performance vehicles to balance the application of downforce to improve cornering, and the minimisation of drag to maximise top speed and acceleration.," "The harder the tires are pressed down, the less they'll slide or spin, so a spoiler on a real race car helps the car stay stuck to the road. They push down on the rear of the car, so if your problem is that your drive wheels spin when you floor it, and the drive wheels are in front, pushing down on the rear won't really help.