NK is best buds with China. Or perhaps more accurately: NK is like China's annoying younger cousin who China lets be in their clique as a balance to the Western cliques while at the same time being constantly embarrassed by him.," "Even the people who pushed it back then admit now that their reasons for wanting to push out Saddam were complex and varied and that they used the WMD stuff to better market it. It wasnever primarily about WMDs, but if you want to get a broad consensus for action you need to have some easy to push reasons. WMDs may have been in the mix of reasons originally but they were brought to the forefront as something that they thought would find the most people agreeing with them. It was mostly a marketing decision to use the WMD label for the effort. You can argue wether the est of their reasons were good or bad (and I would argue on the bad side), but it should be clear that there were other reasons for the effort that just weren't pushed as much in the public. There is also the fact that while toppling Saddam was feared by many (Including Bush the elder) to lead to a destabilization of the region, the destabilizing of the region if Kim Jong-un is overthrown is pretty much assured. A regime change in North Korea towards a more free leadership even under the best circumstances would be a major economic catastrophe and the ones affected by that would be the US ally South Korea and China the closest thing to a rival super power the US currently has. The refugees that would stream out of NK if the government fell would push South Korea to the breaking point and really discomfort China. And that is a best case scenario. If things get violent North Korea's military will obviously be quickly defeated by the US and just about everyone else who takes and interest in the situation. However there is a distinct worry that they might do quite a bit of damage to South Korea in the process. Nobody knows just what the miliatry capabilities of NK really are, but there is a good chance that they will be able to kill a lot of people a cripple SK industry if they go down fighting. Nobody who has money and power wants that sort of thing to happen.," "It's been essentially admitted that Saddam didn't actually have WMDs (most of his chemical weapons were for internal use) but the USUK needed a reason to invade because wars of aggression are illegal. This is very political. Now I suppose you're referring to North Korea. The problem is mainly 2 fold - first going to war with NK would almost assuredly cause massive damage in South Korea. NK has a LOT of conventional artillery, some of which is suspected to be capable of reaching Seoul and other major population centers. And while their army is rather pathetic it is massive in size and an assault would require slaughtering a significant portion of it. And we don't know how China would react. In short, there's no invasion plan that doesn't end in a bloodbath. The second issue is the aftermath. First, there's the damage to the South Korean economy that could have ripple effects across the world. Second, you are now stuck trying to figure out what to do with a country full of people brainwashed into believing their Great Leader is a God-Avatar and dissent is brutally squashed. While its much less likely that NK would devolve into warring tribes and religious conflict like the middle-east you'd have to suddenly take care of and educate millions of people who suddenly discover their entire world was a lie, and that their leaders purposely left them behind while the world moved forward. So we just act like the Kims are bratty children and hope they don't do anything too dumb while we silently hope they collapse from within. TLDR dealing with NK would be bloody and expensive.,Saddam was in a far weaker military position than the North Korean regime. His forces had far longer borders to defend which left him unable to mass weight in any one strategic area. The North Koreans, on the other hand, have every possible land invasion route heavily defended. There is much less territory to defend and so Pyongyang can concentrate their forces on a relatively narrow set of known assault routes. Saddam's military was also wracked with disloyalty and sectarianism as well as poor morale stemming from memories of how badly defeated they were by US-led forces in 1991. Contrast this with the brainwashed and rigidly ideologically controlled North Korean forces. Both the Baathist Iraqi military and the KPA were poorly equipped, poorly trained, and poorly led, but the KPA can be reasonably considered capable of suicidal bravery in a way that the Iraqis hadn't been since the Iran-Iraq War. More important, however, is the strategic context. WMDs aside, the Bush administration envisioned a newly democratic Iraq as a chance to plant the seed of liberal democracy in the heart of the Muslim world. North Korea, on the other hand, is a Stalinist anomaly at the heart of a region that is already very democratic (South Korea and Japan), and at least economically booming (China). Also, there is no perceived systemic cultural and political failings in East Asia that allegedly demand "fixing" in the way that there arguably is in the Middle East. North Korea is seen as a problem to be contained, whereas Saddam's Iraq was (naively albeit understandably) seen as an opportunity to transform a region plagued with dictatorships and extremism.', "We knew Saddam had WMDs at one point and had used them on his own people. Guess what, we kinda didn't care because we didn't actually want to do anything at that point. When we got to the point where we were looking for a reason to invade Iraq, then we cared. Oddly, by then Saddam had largely gotten rid of his WMDs (or had them blown up) and wasn't looking to provoke us. I seem to recall that, in fact, while he was talking tough in public, privately he was frantically trying to assure the US that he no longer had WMDs of any kind. Didn't fly - one way or the other, we were going in, and WMDs were a good excuse. Nobody at CIA would ever go on record saying that there was no way Saddam had WMDs, so the administration took that as'he probably doesn't have could have probably has WMDs', and he's used them before, so in we go. Dear Leader now, we know he has nukes and he periodically threatens to attack. Nobody takes NK seriously because attacking anyone would be suicide for them. Even China wouldn't back them, not if it came to a shooting war, not for no reason. Great Leader wants to stay Great Leader so he'll just rattle his saber loud before asking for more aid to feed his starving people.," "It was unfinished business from the 90's. For whatever reason they let Saddam off easy for invading and pillaging Kuwait.