There was a scientific trend in the past called Material Determinism that attempted to explain that the tropical regions were not as developed for reasons such as being warmer and thus making people lazy. This theory has been discredited a long time ago. There is no causation, even if there is some correlation.','To be fair, in their time Egypt and Rome were first world superpowers.', "Because tropical climates are better suited for agriculture. You don't need advanced infrastructure. You need fields and cheap labor. So when the Europeans started colonizing Africa the New World, they didn't invest in schools, higher education or pushing the native (and African slave) populations into an urban lifestyle. They kept them poor and out in the fields. The trend has continued with a very few wealthy elite keeping the status quo set up by Europeans. That is a very gross condensed version of European expansionism and its continued effects but gets the gist across.," "Had a 6 hour lecture about this subject today.... It has to do with a lot of historical events, but mostly with the colonial expansionism that happened between the 16th and the 18th century.... For the European nations, territories in America were extensions of their own land for them to explore how they see fit. Most of the American colonies were based on the plantation system that consisted basically on big chunks of land belonging to a few people, on this land they made huge farms where they only cropped one single plant (mostly sugarcane) using mostly slave labor.... This made the metropolis rich but didn't developed the American (south central) society, that's why we have this disparity today. North American colonies (northern USA colonies) were an exception, where land occupation occurred mostly because of religious issues happening in England back then. Regular people coming to the new land were granted a piece of land and the predominant kind of labor was the family one, this developed a prosper internal economy. I tried my best, as I said, SIX HOUR lecture, really tired, on my way home and English is not my first language (not even my third)! Hope you can understand, if you need any clarifications, I'm here to help!,Tropical countries tend to be burdened by poorer agricultural resources and disease. Major crops such as rice, wheat and maize are much more productive in temperate climates. This is partly because tropical areas have poor soils depleted by heavy rainfall or no rainfall at all. Additionally, the frost in temperate climates help farmers control insect borne crop issues and actually helps the soils gather organic matter. This matter in tropics is quickly broken down by insects not held down by frost. Poor agriculture means poor nutrition, which is something temperate climates have used to combat a lot of diseases. Insect borne diseases such as malaria are knocked back each winter and have been a lot easier to combat. Finally, solutions which have worked in temperate climates to help farming and disease control are difficult to implement in tropical areas, as they are easy to spread within an ecological zone, but not across them.', "Warmer climate civilizations developed up to a certain level. Life was much harsher in the north. There was no need to invent stuff like pickling your vegetables or dry meats and sausages in the south. In the north it was because otherwise you'd starve to death. Clothes needed to be more robust. Houses as well. You had to get more yield out of land. All of this combined for culture of innovation and invention at a more desperate need than in warm climates.