No. If you buy shares, you are putting money into the pockets of people who are selling shares. If this company is new to the stock market, then that will probably be the directors. Otherwise, it will be other shareholders like you (well, most of them will be corporate, not individual) who have decided to sell. If you sell, you get money from people wanting to buy. If no one wants to buy, the share price drops, until it eventually becomes zero. (This is unlikely unless the company stops trading or has serious issues - for example, before the Enron scandal, Enron shares were close to 100. I checked them shortly before they stopped being listed, and they were valued at 0.04.) As a shareholder, you might well receive some money actually from the company itself if it makes a profit. This is called dividends.','Think of it like this. I have a lemonade stand but but to compete with some of the other lemonade stands around me, I need 100 to buy an amazing new lemon squeezer. I don't have 50 so I have the great idea that I should get people to help me afford it. So, instead of just asking for a loan, I could sell them a portion of my business. I'll sell 49 "parts" of my business and keep 51 parts for myself, that way I control most of it. So, my business is worth about 100 (I already have a table and regular customers) and I start selling off parts, or shares, of my business. I sell 49 parts and keep 51 for myself, making me 49. That's close enough that I can now by the new squeezer. So, a month later business is going amazingly well. My business is now worth 250 because I'm selling so much more lemonade. Now, those parts that were worth 1 each, are now worth 2.50 because they're a of a more valuable company. In fact, word has gotten around that business is going so well that people want to buy the shares off some of my investors because they think the value will continue to grow! I don't have anything to do with selling the shares between investors, they're just trading their ownership in my company.