Getting divorced is the easy part. The hard part is paying the alimony. That's not a joke. It looks to me like California has permanent alimony, which means divorce there is not "easy" at all. In fact, you will be financially chained to your ex until you die. Your ex will be able to bring you back into court at any time up until your death to ask for more money. You will pay alimony longer than you were married. In effect, you will be a ward of the court for the rest of your life, and the court will decide how much you pay. The icing is that Family Courts is riddled with corruption and backroom deals, so forget about justice (and believe me, this negates anything you will hear about your ex NOT being able to increase alimony because of this or that law - the law simply doesn't matter in Family Court). And the cherry on top is that most Family Courts are courts of equity, not law, and you do not have Constitutional rights. Cheers!', "Like many states, the court's time is valuable and wasting it determining who is at fault in a divorce is not financially sound and is generally so subjective that it breads contempt for the court system. Currently there are 41 States that are No-fault. This generally does not have an affect on property. Today there are 11 states where property is considered either personal (owned by the individual, such as is the case with a pair of jeans or a pair of boots) and community property (owned by both parties, such as a bed or a sofa) - These things are determined by the individuals and then by the courts if they can't decide - All community property is divided equally, and personal property is kept by the owner of said property. In the 39 remaining states, this is handled by Equitable distribution. Basically this means assets and earnings accumulated during the marriage are divided equitably. So what they have done is to take the fight out of the divorce leaving property and custody the primary arguing points instead of who is at fault. EDIT: Formatting and added a line for clarity.,People getting divorces often spend huge amounts on lawyers, often on petty bickering over who was at fault, which can be very difficult to determine. It was often even a strategy of a spiteful spouse to drain marital assets on legal fees just so the other spouse would have elss. So California decided that being "fair" was less important that reduce the financial costs of a divorce, both to the parties involved and to the state, and decided to take fault out of the question.