Copying and pasting the top comment from another thread. Use the search bar URL0 None. Literally. Obama announced in April 2010 that NASA is to develop a road map for missions to land humans on asteroids and Mars. The decision was purely political, in an attempt to inspire the nation. The scientific community met the decision with "Meh..." There is gigantic value in developing a moon base for low gravity research and manufacturing, there's no atmosphere to disrupt optics, solar panels will run far more efficiently and they can be made directly from the regolith (soil, if you must), there's extremely valuable helium deposits in the regolith (Earth is literally running out and that's supremely bad), and there's enough thorium on the Earth facing side alone that we can have safe nuclear energy at current rate of consumption for longer than the sun has left to live. It would take a few days to transit between Earth and the Moon, so it's easier to establish, supply, and maintain than a Mars station, which is so remote there are transit windows once every two years and it takes at least 9 months to travel. The planet suffers extreme temperatures, radiation, and planet wide sand storms that last most of its year. There is no intent on making any attempt at terraforming. The planet has no magnetosphere which is why it doesn't have protection from radiation and why it lost it's atmosphere (and can never hold on to one). Resources are not easy to access to be economic. 67P has an estimated 20 Trillion in metals, it's 3 miles across, and can be towed into orbit to be mined. Far easier than going to Mars for anything. It's a mistake, NASA disagrees with it but cannot overrule the decision, and they have warned that if the next President also chooses to mettle in the affairs of scheduling NASA objectives and missions, then we will not see a manned NASA mission to anywhere within our lifetime (presuming you're under 30).', "mars has more history and its attributes are more appealing for human life, more gravity, some atmosphere (if just for the help with the pressure differential). And yeah, Space exploration lives and dies by public support and its easier to convince the average person that Mars is a sexy accomplisment so you should tell your politician to fund us. Nasa is a whore, they'll do whatever they can convince Americans to pay them for.," "Mars is a lot warmer and stable. -150C to -30C is easier to build for Then -250C to 450C. Mars has air, which while thin makes engineering ALOT easier. While not a great radition buffer, its a lot better then nothing. Which that's the moon. CO2 the bulk of Mars's atmosphere can be pressure cooked with hydrogen to make water and oxygen. Which we need, and those are rarer on the moon.," " Seemingly just as inhabitable Well, because it's not. The moon's lower amount of water and weaker surface gravity are very important, very difficult to correct for reasons why the moon is not a good target for colonization. It likely is also too small to even retain a life supporting atmosphere even if we were to create one.