Never, ever walk into a dealership "just to see what they've got." Salesmen see that aimless stare on your face and they're like starving cartoon wolves they don't even see a person; all they see is a giant walking turkey leg. Most small and midsize dealerships will have online inventories. Check those out in advance and start looking up the models you're interested in, then read up on each one: Comb through car sites like Edmunds, click on forum posts by owners, get the specs and find out about users' experience with reliability hell, go to Wikipedia and bone up on the entire history of the model and the powertrain you're considering. Back in school, you'd do the same amount of research for a book report on Huck Finn just because an older lady in a paneled skirt threatened you with the alphabet you can do the same legwork for a multi-thousand-dollar purchase you're going to entrust your life to every time you leave the house to get a burrito. Whatever you do, the point is to come in with a mental list: Do not let them steer you outside of that list to a car that you're not familiar with. Adventure is wondrous and grand, but the used car lot is not the place to listen to strange old men in tattered clothes whisper of magical chariots.', "Usually you should start with asking the owner some obvious questions, and kinda hope that he's truthful about them: - Why are you getting rid of the car? - Has it been in any accidents? - Have you done any major repairs? Ask if they keep all the old records for the car (receipts for maintenance stuff...tires, oil, fluids, etc). Usually the kind of people who keep pretty meticulous records are good owners and take care of the car. Pop open the hood, look at rust along the inside, and along the door wells, wheel wells, under the edges, and all over. You don't want to buy something that has a ton of rust. Look at the milage and compare it to the year. If it's got a ton of miles and it's still pretty young then that means the owner drove it a lot...this could be a good or bad thing. If it's old and has few miles then it hasn't been driven much, which could be good or bad (cars don't like to sit and do nothing for long periods of time). Take it out for a spin. Accelerate up hills, stop quickly (not crazy, but try to stop fast-ish), make a sharp turn, let your grip on the wheel go a bit slack to see if it pulls either way. Watch the dials and listen when you go around corners and up and down hills to see if they drift or the engine sounds odd. Basically figure out how it handles and if it seems like the engine isn't up to par. Just because you don't know a mechanic as a friend doesn't mean that you can't use your regular mechanic. It might cost a few bucks but it's probably worth it to have a pro check it out. Also, get VIN's and do online report searches to see what the history is (also costs money I think, but again worth it). Make sure all the odds and ends work, radio, heat, AC, seat adjustments, etc. Look for minor cosmetic damage like scratches and dings along the outside of the car. All of these minor things you can use to haggle the price down. Make sure you look at the bluebook value of the car before you open negations. Start low (depending on the condition) and point out all the flaws (don't be a dick about it though).," "Without mechanical knowledge it'll be very difficult. But at bare minimum, u should check functionality of everything. It starts, it drives, all things work like heater, ac, headlights,wipers, radio,turn signals, brake lights,etc. The car should drive straight by itself. The steering wheel should have no slack and no wobble. Brakes should be firm and be able to emergency stop the car. Going over a bump, there should be no noises in suspension. If seller allows and there's some water somewhere near that's safe to test, test the abs brakes by driving onto wet and slamming on the brakes," "It's worth choosing a specific model to look for and checking for the common faults, damp footwell from leaks, common electrical faults, expensive end of life wear points and the like.