Its the same thing as when you have a normal dream, its just the introduction of the idea of dreaming to the dream itself. You know how sometimes you'll fall asleep listening to something, or reading something or just plain focusing on thing a lot during the day and the mind incorporates that prominently in dreams? Dreams are the mish mash of fresh thoughts and experiences being fit into our existing framework of knowledge and decision making. Dreams are very pliable, the stories that frame things in our minds the connections that form are going to wind up defining the directions the dreams go. A dream involving a dog showing up is going to go in different directions in the head of someone who is scared of dogs and someone who loves dogs. Because the structure of the dream is just a function of the connections we already have and are building between things, concepts. So people who lucid dream intentionally, they deliberately think about recognizing a dream often when awake and before sleeping. They make the idea of checking if they're dreaming something that's just a part of the normal story of what you do, and the brain when its doing the work of drawing together different concepts and what not, finding ways they interrelate, the story of the normal checking if you're dreaming shows up. And this simply changes the dream into being a dream that incorporates the idea of "lucidity." In any real sense its not truly different lucid to not, its always your brain doing the dreaming, the concepts the "stories" in dreams they're always being authored by you. In a lucid dream the brain is just creating an imagined form of the lucid dreaming experience. We experience that as though it were meaningfully distinct from normal dreams for the same reason that you may sometimes have dreams where you're in a room or building that is real, that's very familiar, but entirely incorrect. The dream says "this is the basement of the house you grew up in" and yet if you examine it, its nothing like that basement at all. The sense of familiarity with that place, or with a person you never actually met, can be created as part of the dreaming process. In the same way, the sense of "control" a lucid dreamer possesses doesn't have to be meaningful really.