In addition to what others have said: Even if your vote doesn't directly swing the election one way or another, it does guarantee that your voting activity makes it into the statistics for the election, meaning that having a candidate pander to you as a demographic is more likely in the future. For instance, if Millennials as a whole don't vote, then all their bluster and complaining and "progressive values" don't mean squat in terms of campaigning, because whether they have good ideas or not, a candidate running on those values is statistically not going to be elected, because the demographic that would put them in office isn't getting to the voting booths. Showing that you're a demographic that holds sway is important in terms of getting your ideals spoken for in the government.', " How does my vote compare to electoral votes? Are they even related? Your vote helps determine which party's electors get to participate in the electoral college. If your state's popular vote is majority Democrat, for instance, then your state will appoint electors who have sworn to vote for the Democratic candidate.,Your vote counts toward the total votes for the state in which you reside, and those votes determine the affiliation of the members of the electoral college who vote on who becomes President. We are a representative democracy and your vote selects the person who represents you in the election of the President.','First, it's important to remember that voting is a civic duty. You aren't obligated to vote, and shouldn't feel pressured to vote if you don't feel comfortable doing so, but casting a vote is something we are called upon to do as citizens to help ensure the legitimacy of the system even if our one vote doesn't affect the outcome directly. For the presidential election, your vote will be counted to determine who will serve as the "electors" from your state. By law and practice, these electors will cast votes for whichever candidate received the most votes from your state. So your vote increases, by however small an increment, the chances that the candidate you prefer will win the electoral votes from your state. For Senate (if you have one) and Congressional elections, your vote is counted directly on behalf of the person you select. So, again incrementally, your vote directly contributes to the chances that your preferred person wins. The exact mechanisms of voting can vary state by state, but most of the time whichever candidate gets the most votes wins the seat in question. Then there are also local races for everything from school board to mayor to dog catcher, as well as local referendums and bond issues. Here the rules can vary much more, but the basic system is again the same.', "You can guarantee that you will have zero influence on your city, state, and country by doing nothing. There are entire groups of people who don't vote because of apathy and then wonder why politicians ignore them. Take 20 minutes out of your day and vote.