Fatherhood decreases testosterone. According to this study, it is a causal effect, averaging a 26 drop in the mornings and 34 in the evening. The lowest testosterone levels were reported by men who spent the most time with their children. And the younger the children, the steeper the drop in testosterone. We're biological creatures, and men evolved to be less aggressive around their small children. Very advantageous towards making sure males don't kill their own babies, unlike some of our primate relatives.... Or you could listen to the armchair philosophers talking about the path of life. Source: URL0,I noticed the same thing. My guess is that evolution has conditioned us to become more caring when we have someone to care for. You are now becoming tuned, optimised for caring, nurturing, protecting and defending.', "I went through the same change. I compared it to walking on this path my entire life. Looking at the things around me, I got used to my surroundings and accepted them for what they were. This was my life. Then, out of nowhere, there was a sign that pointed me to a path I'd never seen. I began to walk this path and could barely contain myself looking at all of the new scenery as I had stumbled upon this world that I never knew existed. That's ultimately where I think those emotions come from. A new part of existence just hits you in the face.,dont'worry after a few months the level of testosteron is healthy again, and you can go back to beer, bacon and boobs.', "It's proven that testosterone levels are lower in men with children. Perhaps this is a contributing factor.," "I have 100 noticed this. My political ideology even underwent a change and I'm just all around more empathetic than I have ever been before. I sometimes look at my son and daughter (1 and 3 years old.) and have to go in the other room because I am about to cry thinking about them getting older. Maybe the newer generation of dads are taking on more maternal instincts and emotions?,My son is also 1 12. At first it was commercials and tv shows with father-son scenes that choked me up. Then it got worse. I cried while watching the "Pokemon go" commercial. What the hell?', "Empathetic, I would assume. You're now in charge of another life, and as such have assumed a softer side to be able to reach and understand where you're children are coming from. Its a good thing:),Being around small children a lot does affect your hormones. Basically, your body is tricking you into taking on more parental behavior.