First off; we don't. Secondly; closing our eyes prevents them from drying out during the night. There isn't a whole lot of blinking taking place during sleep, but there is certainly a lot of movement, which would dry out our eyes and potentially damage them. Lastly; humans naturally sleep during the night due to the reduction in light, which makes it difficult and dangerous to hunt or gather food. Closing our eyes can help to simulate the darkness of night, so that we can sleep more easily and more comfortably.," "We don't always, but your eyes would dry out and hurt like crazy if you never closed your eyes at night. Think about what happens when your eyes are open. You're looking around, thinking about things, and generally being stimulated by the environment. You can't sleep when you are stimulated because when you are stimulated, your brain is telling your body to be alert. Your body can't change the environment, but it can change the way you take in the environment.,A few reasons I can think of based on generic principles... 1. Relieves eye fatigue, they are probably among our most overworked muscles. 2. Blocking visually stimuli gives your nervous system less to worry about and thus allowing you to go into relaxation mode easier. 3. Consciousness fades away without something to focus on and interact with. 4. Protects your eyes from bugs and debris while you are incapacitated.', "IIRC: Your eyes don't stop sending imagessignals to the brain. In order to slowdown and relax you have to close your eyelids (which sends the black (sometimes flashy) signals. This allows your brain to relax enough to sleep.," "When I was little I didn't realise you had to close your eyes to fall asleep quicker, I would just lie in bed with eyes open untill I would fall asleep. It worked, though, never had a problem falling asleep. Nowadays I do close them, ofcourse.,Ever notice your dog totally zonked out on the floor on its back with its eyes open staring out at nothing and suddenly awakens because it sensed your presence? My basset hound does it all the time.