Electrons do not move at the speed of light, they are pretty slow actually. What propagates at the speed of light is the electric field that makes the electrons move. Every conductive material is pretty much filled with movable electrons, like a garden hose that's already full of water. As soon as you turn on the water, it comes out the other end because there's already water there that is pushed out and it doesn't need to fill the hose first. gravity is similar: a gravitational field propagates at light speed but the mass it affects doesn't. That's why meteors don't fall to earth at the speed of light, which would be disastrous. In rechargeable batteries, there's also the charging itself which is a chemical reaction that takes some time as well.', " Batteries are charged through a chemical reaction. Those don't happen instantly, especially in the case of batteries. The faster a battery is charged the more current it draws (electrons smashing into things inside the wires) and the more heat it creates. Heat is bad for batteries and can cause cell phone batteries to catch fire or explode. So the charge rate is limited to what is safe for the battery.," "You can't charge in a second for a few reasons. Ignoring efficiency losses, a typical 10 w-hr cell needs 10 watts for one hour to fully charge. A one second charge would need 36,000 watts (10x60x60) for one second. That would require a huge expensive power supply with very heavy cables and connectors. You can't force 10,000 amps through a tiny wire. The chemical reaction in the cell which is responsible for charging can't be rushed. To do so would generate too much heat. The cell would explode. The maximum allowable voltage of lithium ion cells limits the speed of charge. Li-ion chargers can charge faster at the beginning of the cycle. The speed tapers off towards the end. Some battery chemistries like lead-acid or ni-cd allow for higher voltage fast charging for the entire cycle. Edit: Lead acid and ni-cd batteries still have charge speed limits.