If you're talking about video editing, it started with cutting and splicing the tape. The splice points had to be identified by using a magnetic developing fluid. It had fine iron particles in solvent. The solvent evaporated leaving the tracks visible. Then VTRs got the ability to edit electronically. It was a way of going from playback to record while maintaining a continuous video track. It was triggered by the operator. Then dedicated edit controllers were developed which had time displays and edit points to be entered exactly. Then computers were used to control the edit decision list. By the time digital video on PCs was possible, editing software was available.,Why is it called a cut when they edit together two shots? Because they would literally cut and stick together the film.', "If you mean newspaper editors they would litterally cut words and lines out with a knife and move them around. Once they had the layout they wanted everything would be glued down, copied, transfered to plastic cylinders and physically sent to the printing press.Before that a linotype operator used a linotype machine to create lead stamps with the words and the editor moved those around. Here's a 1978 film about a newspaper switching from Linotype to the then new (and now obsolete) computer based system. URL0 The video shows how they went from an author writing an article all the way to printing the paper. They also show how the computer based system works. This was before desktop publishing so the author could not type in their own story, a trained person had to format it for the computer. For film editing they also litterally cut film with a knife and put the film in the order they wanted. Audio was, and still is, recorded by separate devices. Clapboards are used to make a loud sound so the editor can sync the audio to the film.,They would hand-write changes on a hand-typed version of a story. Then a typist would re-type the whole thing with the changes in it. For some changes they could literally cut and paste, using scissors and glue.','Either print it and mark by hand or take the word document and highlight, strikethrough, add notes and comments.