Depth perception is less important than having a viewpoint precisely lined up with the path of the chosen projectile. Stereoscopic vision is achieved by having two viewpoints from slightly different angles, which is unhelpful in aiming.', "In addition to what others are saying, it's also worth noting that depth perception is built from a [combination of cues] (URL0), not all of which require two eyes.," "Aiming is largely about lining up 3 objects along the same line (with a gun the rear site, front site, and target). Many people don't do that well with their non-dominant eye open (though competition shooters both learn which eye is dominant and shoot with both eyes open because closing one eye gives them headaches and tensing muscles for long periods of time tends to throw off aim).," "I think it's because when you see things through both eyes, you are seeing two distinctly different two-dimensional images that the brain processes into a single three dimensional image. That's why when you only look through one eye, you have less depth perception. What you gain, however, by looking through only one eye, is that it is easier to precisely define a single point more accurately when you are only seeing that one single image, instead of the two being processed as one. To hit a target with accuracy, depth perception is not as important as knowing exactly where you need to aim. If I'm mistaken on any or all of these points, I'm sure someone will come along and correct me, but it is my understanding that that's why you close one eye. Artists will do the same thing when trying to draw something with accuracy for the same reason.," "Depth perception, in terms of static objects, is much more dependent on comparative size than binocular vision. Binocular vision is more important to the perception of velocity and judging your own position in relation to moving objects (especially helpful when you are also a moving object). It actually has very little to do with judging distance, it's a common misconception though. Monocular vision provides greater focus for a longer duration as well because it narrows your field and your brain has to process (or ignore) half as much peripheral info.