You'd have to work to buy things, cell phones, internet, other luxury items. I imagine it being issued like an ebt or food stamp card. Rent, food, transportation, medical, those would accept the card. Couldn't buy booze or weed with it, though.," "That's not exactly how it would work, sure some people would try it, but the idea of a basic income is that it is just enough to cover necessities, housing, food, utilities, ect. Anything else, like transportation costs, property taxes, internet and phone service, probably child care, basically any other incurred expenses would come out of your own pocket. If you feel like you can live just a very basic life style, you wouldn't have to work, unless some kind of part time employment was a prerequisite for getting basic.," "Some day we will have a robotic work force whose out put is greater than anything all 7 billion of us could ever hope to create on our own, when that day comes, your physical labor will have little value and the goods made by those robots will still need a population to consume them, basic income should be designed to prevent anyone from starving or becoming homeless while we figure out what 95 of people are qualified to do in a world where trucks drive themselves and robots stock shelves. Basic income must work or the monetary system will fail, I see the food stamp model rolling out for everyone giving us all enough to eat 2000 cal per day of whatever is on sale. I see a rent credit that would cover a one bedroom hole in the wall apartment in a less than ideal neighborhood and a small discretionary fund to keep people just entertained enough they don't rise up against the people who own the robots that make everything they buy. The money for this will have to come from taxing the hell out of the 1 of us who have fully automated factories and profitable algorithms. It won't be easy but a transition to a world where 5-10 of us have jobs designing and engineering the next great technologies (which will be made by robots from prototype to store shelves in factories built by robots out of minerals mined and transported by robots) in exchange for a greatly improved life style and the rest of us coast along doing the occasional odd job is possible.," "I always look at Canada and the US. Canada has a much better social safety net. Canada's unemployment rate always runs a few percent higher than the us so I presume the same happens when we go to basic income for all. A few extra percent of the people will stop looking for work, but no where near half of the population.