The average car weighs over a ton, not including passengers. Its main purpose is safe and enjoyable comfortable transportation. So you put a small amount of air in the tires so they'll grab the road for traction, not pop the minute you hit anything like a pebble, and cushion you when you hit a bump. The fatter, less-filled tire has more contact with the ground and therefore loses more energy to friction, but it's powered by gas so that's acceptable. The average road bike's purpose is EFFICIENT transportation, and it's powered by humans. They will want to go as far as possible with as little effort as possible, and will actively steer to avoid bumps and objects on the road so comfort is not as critical. So they pump the tires up very high to minimize the amount of contact between tire and ground and cut down on friction as much as possible so they don't have to work as hard to pedal it.," "Think about the contact surface versus how much that contact surface has to hold up. Now think about when a tire is low on air. It gets flatter and the contact surface has enlarged to match the pressure versus the weight that it has to carry. So now think about truck tires. Truck weights 40,000 pounds. Big tires with 80PSI X surface area X 18 able to hold up a lot of weight. Say each truck tire has a surface area of 6 by 6 inches. That's 64 square inches. So, 64 X 80psi X 18 tires 92,160 pounds they can hold up. Now think of a bike tire with one inch of contact area X 2 tires X 100psi 400 pounds of bike and rider that they can hold up. That's all relative theory. Relative to the design of the tire. If the tire was all rubber it wouldn't need any air, but I hope you get the general idea. Simply speaking, the weaker the sidewall the more pressure is needed until you get to the arithmetic above to calculate the pressure needs.," "Surface area at the point of contact between the tires and the road. There is much more rubber-to-asphalt contact on 4 wide car tires than 2 thin bike tires. 1 square inch of contact on each of two 100-PSI tires is enough to support a human on a bike. Each car tire probably has something like 20 or 40 or more square inches of contact. All quick and dirty math. Don't quote my figures.," "The physics principle involved is Laplace's Law. Wall tension is inversely proportional to diameter. The wall tension of the tire is what is important for holding up the car. For thinner tires like on a bike, more internal pressure is required to produce the same wall tension as a car tire at a lower pressure. URL0," "Your are all on the right track, but dont' forget about the tire construction. A car or truck tire has a much, much stiffer side wall than the side wall of a bike tire. Bike tires require the higher psi to stiffen the side wall. Cars don't. It's that simple.,Psi stands for pounds per square inch. Car tires are big. More square inches. Less psi. Bike tires are small. Less square inches. More psi','a car tire has about 36 square inches of contact area. You get something close to 160 square inches of contact area, and at thirty six pounds a square inch average tire pressure, that makes a load limit of five thousand pounds - or two point five tons, which is much closer to a real car weight. The bigger the contact area, the more rolling friction, the more aquaplane potential but better sliding friction. Sidewall stiffness is another factor for handling. Proper inflation pressure is what gives the tire its designed stiffness and shock absorbing factors for best handling. A bike tire has only about a square inch or two of contact area. Two tires, and 80 pounds of air, you get a load limit nearer two hundred fifty pounds, and low rolling resistance. All of which argues for maintaining safe tire inflation pressures so the tire does not over heat from too much flexing under load. A heavily loaded vehicle should have the air pumped up to the maximum tire pressure you can find printed on the sidewall. Vehicle suspension and chassis designers specify tire size and inflation pressures for best handling and comfort.', "A few reasons. They have a larger contact patch, so the lower pressure actually can lead to more load bearing capacity as it's force per square inch. They have a much stronger casing, so some of the load is handled by the sidewalls, rather than the pressure. The lower pressure can also be useful in that it doesn't try to turn the tire into a tube as hard, and can help improve grip.