The first basemen caught a line drive (out 1) stepped on first base (out 2, the runner left for 2nd base) then threw to third (out 3, the runner left for home.) The first basemen is the 3 player, he recorded the first 2 outs. The third basemen is the 5 player, he recorded the third out. So 3-3-5. Triple plays are incredibly rare, only 700 or so have ever been recorded, and that was the first time that particular type had ever happened in MLB history', Here's the play] (URL0) for anyone who wants to see.," "Each baseball position is assigned a number for shorthand score keeping. 3-5 or 3-3-5 means the first baseman got the outs and then threw to the third baseman. The reason it's so crazy is that a triple play made like that has never happened before in MLB history.," "It's only a big deal since it's the first time it has ever happened. Triple plays are rare-ish on their own, but this one has never happened.,Assisted triple plays are rare but even more rare is the unassisted triple play. URL1', "It is also a big deal because having runners on first and third base without outs is a very difficult position for the defending team, they most likely expect the opposing team to at least score the run from the third base since they have three batters up. In this position the strategy for the batters, generally, is to concentrate on hitting the ball hard and above the first base onto the right field. If the play ends as a flyout it won't matter because the runner from third will most likely score being so close to home. But some teams try to make the most out of this by launching their runners early after signaling the batter to aim for a strong rolling or liner through the diamond to make a hit into the right field. This way they have the opportunity to score pretty much by a walk from the man on third and get their man from the first base all the way to the third, effectively putting the defending team on another position where they'll most likely have to accept another run after they just took one. That's another reason why the play is so intense, the defending team knows the batters will aim for that side of the field and that their predicament allows for them to be hurt badly especially if the ball pierces the diamond becoming a hit. Getting out of this situation run-free and within a single play is extremely rare and feels like they just dodged two bullets.," "What's more important to your question is what each number means. Here is an image that will explain what each number in a double or triple play represents: URL2