The precise details vary from state to state, but here's the basics. You need to occupy and use a piece of land for a set term of years (usually 20). During that time: You need to be openly and notoriously present, meaning you can't sneak around or hide; everyone in the community should know you are there. It needs to be continuous, meaning you can't stay for 10 years, leave for two, come back and stay for another 10. Finally, it needs to be hostile, and under claim of right. These mean that you can't adversely occupy land that you have permission to use; you need to be using the land without permission, and acting as if you already own it. At any point during those 20 years, the real owner of the property can go to court and have you thrown off the land. But, if they don't do so, and they wait 21 years and sue you to get you off the land, you would raise the defense of adverse possession. If you prove that you did all the things you were supposed to, the court will tell the other guy "sorry, this other chap owns that land now. You should have sued sooner." Or, if you have done everything you need to, you can go to court yourself and sue to "quiet title," which just means have the court declare that you are, in fact, the rightful owner of the property. During the adverse possession period, you probably won't be imprisoned (although it's possible); it's more likely you'd be sued to leave the property, and to pay for damage you've caused to the property. Some states require you pay the taxes during the adverse possession period, some don't. But even if you don't pay, it just means your clock isn't running on your adverse possession period. Since you don't actually, legally, own the land until after the adverse possession period, you don't have to pay taxes on it on the land you don't own. (however, if there are back taxes owed because no one has paid them, the government may take the land from whoever holds it and sell it at auction to get its back taxes) The reason we have adverse possession law isn't to give people a sneaky way to steal land, but to protect people who use land that has been abandoned by its rightful owners. If you own land, all you need to do to keep it is come through about once a decade and make sure there are no squattersand if there are, tell them to leave (or give them permission to stay on your terms). This simple step keep you from having to ever worry about losing the land to adverse possession. In contrast, if you build a garage on land that you think is yours, but actually belongs to your neighbor, most people would think it unfair if your neighbor could come back 30 years after having lived with the garage as if it were on your property, only to complain and make you tear the thing down and pay damages for trespassing. We want to protect those types of people who have been putting land to good use for so long that it seems they ought to own it, and to protect them if even if some absentee landowner shows up many years later and demands the land back.', "Adverse possession isn't about making it easy for squatters to acquire property. It is about giving owners an incentive to maintain their properties. Abandoned property is bad for the neighborhood, so if the owner is at risk of losing it, they'll make an effort to keep vagrants out. But you are correct, it is very risky. You have to illegally take up residence in a run down property that doesn't have any working utilities for several years. If you are found out, you can be kicked out or very arrested, and the clock resets. You do not have to worry about tax evasion until it is your land.,I can tell you that you would not be able to be imprisoned for being on the land AND imprisoned for tax evasion on it. The taxes due would only start from when you gain legal possession of the land.