It's important to remember that in a democracy, we are almost always putting our politicians in no-win situations. Spend too much time in Washington? He's a "Career politician and Washington insider." Spend too much time at home? "He's missed X votes this year. Why isn't he doing his job?" Also remember that if an issue becomes a political issue, that means there are two sides to it. If there was only one obvious side to an issue, it would be resolved quickly and quietly. Which means that for every single issue that reaches the government, there is a built-in constituency that is going to be opposed to it no matter what you choose. No matter what, every vote by every politicians on any sort of notable issue is automatically going to piss off 30-50 of the people. We expect our politicians to think about the nation as a whole but also for the constituents. Can't reconcile the two? Out ya go! We don't want career politicians and want to limit their terms...but when new, young politicians get elected we call them extremists. Only scientists should be making science policy? Great, then, let's only elect politicians who hold multiple simultaneous degrees in science, medicine, accountancy, bioethics, social services, law, and psychiatry. Good luck finding 535 people who exist like that and also willing to do that for 150 large a year. We expect our politicians to work 14 hour days and never take a vacation, while maintaining two residences and spending half their time away from their families. Oh, and for a salary that is a fraction of what they could be making anywhere else. Basically, due to the very nature of democracy, we automatically hate our politicians. And that's OK. If you aren't criticizing your leaders, there's a pretty good chance you're living under a dictatorship.', "People do not care if their leaders are corrupt, just if they do what they want them to do (or say they do). Studies show if a politician you like does something wrong you justify it in your mind somehow, if a politician you don't like does the same thing you crucify them for it.," "It's a combination of people knowing that the new guy probably won't be much different and just plain not caring enough about corruption to do anything about it.,Mutiny will need to occur, and there is no certainty if the new leaders will be just as corrupt or more.', "To add on to everyone else's explanations: power corrupts. Can you name even one governement that never abused their power or hurt others for personal gain? Even if leaders were overthrown, the people doing the overthrowing would end up becoming corrupt, too. Especially since [successful leaders are more likely to exhibit psychopathic traits than the general population] (URL0) (this article is about business leaders, but political leaders need a similar set of skills.," "Part of their corruption is that they've rigged the system. In many cases, incumbents have shaped their districts to help them keep winning. They have the goodies to hand out, so they are in a better position to collect money from special interests. They throw roadblocks in the way of laws or investigations that would show or slow their corrupt ways. It's frustrating.," "To me, it's better that we slowly create more laws that eliminate some slight facet of corruption than it is to rely on everyone else to get it right.