A telescope and a long focal length camera lens do pretty much the same job, but there are some differences: Camera lenses nearly always use just lenses. Telescopes can use lenses, mirrors, or both. Camera lenses are designed to focus over a range of distances, which can mean compromises. Telescopes are designed purely for focusing on distant stars,'infinity' in photography terms. Telescopes are designed to capture as much light as possible. That usually means just two or three glass elements because each surface loses some light. Camera lenses don't worry about that so much and often have lots of glass elements. Camera lenses are designed for use with variable aperture - the diameter of the opening for light to go through. They may compromise sharpness at wide aperture, and they need a clear light path down the middle for small aperture (which is one reason they rarely use mirror designs). Telescopes are generally designed for use'wide-open' only and need to perform well at it. Long focal length camera lenses invariably use the'telephoto group', a lens arrangement to make the focal length longer than the physical length. Long focal length telescopes are often physically long, although not always. Telescopes get physically much wider - again, it's light transmission. For example the Skywatcher Skyliner 300P is a PS1000 amateur telescope with a 300 mm (12 inch) diameter main mirror. In camera terms it's a 1500 mm f5 (mirror) lens, and a comparable camera lens would cost over ten times as much. And that's just amateur stuff - professional astronomers use telescopes with main mirrors several metres across. Camera lenses have autofocus. Amateur telescopes usually have manual focus. For photography, normal photographers use exposure times of fractions of a second. Astronomy photographers use exposures of several minutes. That means the mounting needs to be rock solid, far more so than a typical camera tripod, and also compensate for the Earth's rotation. Because of the'bang for your buck' performance, terrestrial photographers interested in extreme telephoto shooting often turn to amateur astronomical telescopes despite the drawbacks.,You probably mean "What makes a telescope different than a long lens?" A "telephoto lens" is a sub type (its been optically shortened). Very little basic difference, a long lens is a telescope and many telescope optical arrangements are used in long lenses including using lenses and mirrors. The difference (as other have said) is: you have to be able to carry a camera lens, it has to be rugged, it has to have irises that control light, ways to focus, ways to zoom, ways to stay at the same focus while you are doing all that, and camera lenses have to cover a large flat imaging plane......... takes allot of engineering and allot of glass to do all that. Telescopes don't need to do any of that so can be optically and mechanically simpler than a camera lens.