"So..... As you all know..." Mayor Sharda tapped a few papers against the podium. "We have a slight problem on our hands." She was a short and prime woman with nest of blond curly hair on her head. Her makeup was slightly smudged and she had smears of ash on her clothing. The group of individuals she was addressing was a group of middle school children, huddled together in the broken down remains of their auditorium. Most of the school had fallen in disarray since the first attack, but it was one of the few remaining buildings large enough to host many individuals. "We're going to do a slight recap of events. Some of you are recent additions to our group, as you have had your twelfth birthdays." She gave a signal to her assistant, a unicorn named Charlene, and a projection of a tall but cruel looking man appeared behind her. He had a pointy hat and a long beard marred with gray. "This is High Emperor Wizard Supreme Tim. He emerged from the magical world three years ago and has set about conquering the human race." Some of the girls in the audience did a gasp and turned their heads away. Many of the younger ones bit their lips to fight back the tears as the older ones clenched their fists tightly. All of them had lost friends and family to the Malevolent Tim. At first, the media claimed it was a terrorist group out of Germany. That they spread false propaganda of magic to their cult follows. Then it became an argument that they had advanced technology. By the time the world caught on to their true nature, it was far to late to strike up any sort of efficient counter attack. "The past few years have been harsh, but we believe that our small town of Elizabeth has the answer." The image changed behind Mayor Sharda again, this time revealing an old text writen in archaic script. "When our town was founded, a famous medicine woman declared that a special chosen child will arise from this place any time a great evil threatened the world. Now, more than ever before, is the point where we need to rely on that prophecy. It is quite possible that someone located here will gain the ability to defeat Tim." She stared out at the room and let that sink in. The older children were still averting their gaze while some of the younger ones started to look hopeful, mystified by what the mayor was saying. "Unfontunetely, we do not know exactly how they are chosen. We have sought out different ways, and every time that particular person has unfortunately failed." The last child was a boy named William. They threw some old bones in the air and they pointed to him when they fell. He sought to learn magic himself and mastered some limited spells, but was quickly killed off by one of Tim's poltergeist inhabited tanks. Shield spells don't work well against tank shells. Before that was a girl named Adelaide who was chosen due to being born under an astrological event. She was the Chosen One for less than a week when Tim sent a thirty foot tall assassin bug after her. They said it was a slow death. That her screams were heard in the middle of town for hours. It was supposed to be a warning for them not to try again. But try again they did. And now it was time to select a new child in an attempt to stop the Malevolent Tim. "So like we have many, many times before. We are going to attempt to find our Chosen One. Charlene here will whisk you out of town safely and we can all go back into hiding and fearing every day for our lives." The unicorn gave the children a nod as the woman covered her eyes with one hand. The other stretched out a finger and started to point randomly in front of her. "Eenie, meenie, mineie, moe. Catch a tiger by the toe..." The older of the group started to shuffle about. They placed younger children in front of themselves or hide behind each other. Some of the younger ones purposely sought out the finger, still thinking that magic was a game. "If he follows, let him go." There were a few who just gave up completely and laid against the floor. "Eenie, meenie, mineie..." Mayor Sharda paused. Her finger pointed at a girl who froze in place. There were beads of sweat forming on her forehead as the mayor's posture stiffened. Suddenly her arm flitted over to the right, before anyone could think to dodge it. Her eyes snapped open and she stared hard at the one who she found. As though she were trying to burn the image of them into her memories. It was a tall boy, around fourteen. Tomorrow, he would turn fifteen and would be no longer eligible for selection. Today, he was still very much fourteen and very much chosen to be a hero. "Moe!" The mayor cried out, wagging a finger at him. "It's you! You are the Chosen One!" The boy rubbed the back of his head and looked around. Everyone else was staring directly at him but he was doing his best to be unimpressed. "I think she was talking to you." He nudged the much shorter boy in front of him with his elbow. "Better go on stage and work that out." "No! Not him, you! You Roger Perkins! You!" Mayor Sharda knew the name of every person here. "No you get on that unicorn right this instant and go work on your destiny!" "Ah, well..." He stepped back and gave a shrug as the unicorn approached. "You see, that would be kind of difficult. I'm not a virgin, after all. Can't really go riding on..." Charlene nudged him in the shoulder as he attempted to side step away from her. " ..... Fine." He tossed his arms in the air. "Just fine! FINE! I'll go fix things!" "Now remember, you have until you turn fifteen to stop Wizard Supreme Tim. After that, you would have failed your mission and humanity will be doomed." Mayor Sharda frowned and narrowed her eyes. "I turn fifteen tomorrow." He looked over at the clock on the wall, which he quickly realized was broken. "That means I only have a few hours to do it?!" "Thirteen hours and fourty-seven minutes, precisely." The mayor nodded. "It's your fault for not coming forth as the Chosen One sooner." She folded her arms and nodded slowly. "It should be fine, Wizard Supreme Tim has many spies within Elizabeth. He always comes personally to finish off whatever child we pick near Choosing Day. I'm sure that you'll have till well before midnight to figure out how you are going to beat him!" Roger was going to issue another word of protest but music had already started to play. A farewell tune to all who have become Chosen. " ..... Fine!" He patted the unicorns neck and she stooped down so he could prop himself up on her back. "I'm going to go out there. I'm going to save humanity and dammit I am going to find a girl while I do it. Just to prove you all wrong!" Charlene reared back and Roger got a look of panic on his face as he struggled to not get tossed off. "Good luck!" The children cried out to him as he headed out of the auditorium with a scowl on his face. He could totally do this. All within the time limit. How hard could it be?