Maximus wasn't like the other brontosaurs. He had a huge lump on his head, and thought in complex algorithms. He noticed patterns and angles and paid attention to light fractures. While his pack was out grazing he would be contemplating the sun, moon, and stars. He had a suspicion that the world they inhabited was huge, and egg shaped, and revolved around the yellow orb that brought day light. None of them listened to him, they avoided him because of his bulbous protuberance and bizarre ideas. It didn't seem right to think of those things, It didn't seem important. It seemed weird to think of anything besides eating, rutting, and sleeping. Maximus grew up isolated. He tried to understand his peers, to blend in and eat and fuck without thought. His mind constantly returned to questions; Why am I here, what is the point, how can I make the world better? Many of his thoughts were focused on what made him different, and he longed to be more like his kind, but he suspected it was impossible. So he created a device, powered by metallic rocks and crystals, and charged with stored electricity gathered from sunlight. It fired a laser beam into his head. The experiment was intended to shrink his tumor-like extra brain, but instead it ripped the massive creature through a wormhole and spat it out in a Walmart in Tulsa oaklahoma. The creature was stuck, half of it's body outside on the roof of the building, and its legs and tail in the store. The ceiling had evaporated around the dinosaur, same with several clothing racks and a few carts. Confused and shocked, it swung tail and demolished most of the women's clothing department in a massive crashing swish. The dinosaur took a few steps sideways and ripped beams and light fixtures down from the ceiling. People were screaming and running for exits. Maximus lifted his massive trunk-like legs and tried to climb out of the building. It crumbled under his weight, and he tentatively took another step. Gunshots went off, and he felt tiny pinpricks of pain in his legs. This made him angry and he stormed out of the store, dragging most of the building with him for a hundred feet or so. He crushed cars with impunity, and roared as he thundered down main street. Luckily the police department had just been gifted several high powered armored vehicles and anti-aircraft grenade launchers from the U.S. military. (the public had though this was unnecessary, but thank god it happened) There was a battle, and when the smoke cleared most of the town was in shambles, and a massive bloody corpse lay stretched across main street with its head and giant tumor smothering the local library. There was a celebration and then a mourning. Many lives were lost. the town was quarantined, and the prehistoric beast was airlifted out to an undisclosed military base. That is the story of Maximus the Dinosaur. The end.