BANG! Dream? No, real. Edgar thought, and the thought expanded. Light squirmed and stretched around him as his consciousness zipped and swerved in a mad dance across space. He barely had time to wave goodbye to little Pluto before he was past the outer rim of the Solar System, if one could call whatever his now bodiless jumble of thoughts did waving. One moment passed and he saw it. Three moments passed and he was there. Tyinzak was a Z-Class planet on the outskirts of the Brand Nebula, about six folds from Edgar's home planet of Yimin. Bugger! He thought as his mind shrunk down from a light-year jumping expanse into a Yimini brain. He always wished that the Resetters would figure out a better way to release a soul besides shooting the prison body in the head. That certainly can't help with the pain of reentry. Many thousands of years had passed since the Yimini population reached its soul capacity and babies started popping out of the womb, stillborn and soulless. The holy men started thumping on the holy books, claiming our current life model had reached its point of planned obsolescense, and that the holy thing to do was accept the designers'wishes and walk hand in hand into nothingness. Thankfully though, a heretical cult of rationals had predicted this possible evolutionary outcome and put into place the Doomsday Endless Reincarnation Scheme. Once the program was active, upon death each Yimini soul was sucked up into one of the DERS's cosmic vacuums and spat back out into a soulless vat grown body. But the problem with having immortality was eventually someone was going to find you and want in on the secret. The longer you play the game the worse the odds after all. " Bugger! " said Edgar, from his new mouth this time. " Twenty-three times I've done that now, and it's never not smarted. " He held up his hands. Six fingers on each. Not a dream. He was on a gurney in a Reset Return Center, and the glaring of the overhead lights wasn't helping his headache. Hearing his exclamation, a nurse walked over and began checking his vitals. " What's your name, sweetling? " She said in her cheerful bedside manner. " Edgar, " he said. " Ah, no. That's residue from the jump. Yimini name is Tym Vole. " The nurse's eyes widened slightly at the name and walked over to a wall comp. The lights of it flicked on, and she spoke to the face that appeared on the screen. " Doctor, please let the Leadership know that prisoner Tym Vole has been reset. " Thirty minutes later, the doctor arrived with two men in the crisp, form-fitting uniforms of the Leadership Council. " Good to have you back in our neck of the universe, Vole, " said one of the agents. Tym-Edgar thought he recognized him. He probably did, but wasn't going to push his mind so close after a reset. " How long was I on Earth? Six months? " said Tym-Edgar. " Little over three years, " replied the second agent. The last memory before soul imprisonment on Earth started fading into clarity. He was in a ship, but it wasn't Yimini. Ah, Qrrzuk ship, he thought. Right, we are at war. The only other memory coming through was the beady grey bug eyes of the Qrrzuk crew member that popped him with the Soul Net. The Qrrzuk may not have wrested the secret of reincarnation from the Yimini yet, but they figured out how to temporarily neutralize it. They arrived about 1200AR (After Reincarnation). They weren't the first species to show up claiming they were the new life model and that the Yimini had to hand over DERS's secrets or face genocide, but they were certainly the most tenacious. " So I failed. " Tym-Edgar looked away, disappointed. " Not exactly. You sent back a fragment of a fragment right before you were netted, wiped, and soul-shipped off to Prison Earth, " said the first agent. Tym-Edgar turned back towards them. " It took us those three years you were gone to piece it together, but you completed the mission, Vole. You found the home world. " Tym-Edgar smiled with his pointed teeth. " Then let's go show the buggy bastards that they're the ones who are obsolete. "