In 2364 people have chips embedded in their brains at birth specifically to negate the need for sleep. These chips are not optional, as sleep is seen as a loss of production by the megacorp that controls the Towers, SCION. One such tower built on top of the ruins of Tokyo has started producing what the media calls Dreamchips. Slot the chip into any type of neural link device (whether it be a datajack implanted in the brain or a neural relay helmet) and the chip puts you into a dreamlike trance. Your body and mind are still able to carry out your job, but you aren't really there. My name is Yoko. I have only recently been able to afford a datajack, and have wanted to buy a dreamchip for a while, but I can't help feeling like it might not be the best choice. My coworkers are almost always in a trance nowadays, and when they aren't they seem like shadows of their former selves. I've heard whispers from my seniors that there is some sort of group dedicated to fighting against the dreamchips full global release. I end up putting off my purchase for several months. Aside from some of the executives in SCION, I think I may be the only employee not addicted to them, but still we push for globalization. Us plebians on the factory floor are almost completely overlooked, but I realized that was because they think we're all entranced. I decided to keep up the charade by slotting a dummy chip in my datajack and looking as if I were hardly aware of surroundings. Eventually this paid off, though I almost wish it hadn't. The CEO was inspecting the chips we were still putting together while discussing things with someone on the phone. He was yelling, I guess because of how loud the factory was, but since he was only ten feet away I could hear him clearly. "AVA is getting to be a major thorn in our side, I want their rebellion crushed! Yes I realize that is easier to say than to do, that is why you are paid to do what I say!" He continued to mention how this group AVA had leaked reports that linked dreamchips to numerous deaths all thought unrelated till recently. I had heard enough, and the feeling of unease gnawing in the pit of my stomach threatened to overwhelm me when I finally heard him say "Well of course all the lower levels are indoctrinated, I could tell every worker on this factory floor to kill themselves and it would be done. Unfortunately we still need more chips or that would have been the first thing I did when I walked in here. Do you know how badly this room stinks? I dont think any of them have bathed since the chips were..." was all I heard, as he had finally walked out of my hearing range. I had stopped what I was doing, dumbfounded by his revelation, but luckily he hadn't noticed. Someone else had though. When I left that shift I found a note in my pocket. "Come to the old shibuya slums. Find the Nightmare club. -AVA"