"The sun just flickered." "What?" "No seriously, it flickered." Of course, this was not something easily believed. The sun was..... the sun. It didn't flicker. It just gave light. An endless stream of energy produced by the fusion of atomic nuclei, all of which spread out and lit up the earth. It didn't flicker. Except, on this occasion, it did flicker. Like a lightbulb just about to give in, the sun went dark and returned. Almost too quick to notice, but on this day Gerald was paying extra close attention to the sun. Gerald was a special child, made extra special by his unnatural obsession for the stars. He knew the names of all the ones that were of any significance, and most of them that had no significance. But he didn't know that, because in his mind all stars were significant, especially Sol, the bright ball in the centre of our solar system that he had become especially attached to today. Surprising, he thought, since today was the day the sun flickered. Maybe it always flickered but no one cared enough to know? Maybe those in power knew of the flickering sun, but refused to tell everyone. That would make sense. His whole life, Gerald had been told not to stare at the sun. Don't stare at the sun. It ruins your eyes. Ruins your eyes. Maybe staring at the sun would ruin their lies. Gerald chuckled at the rhyme, but then began considering a federal plot to blot out the flickering sun. Today, Gerald was standing on his balcony, staring at the sun. His mother and best friend, Linda, was also there. She had no interest in stars, except for Gerald, who was her'little superstar'. She, of course, did not believe that sun had flickered. As soon as he had suggested it, she lost interest in the conversation. What a strange boy she had birthed, but oh well. At least he does his chores. "But it really did flicker." It really did, but she wouldn't listen. No one noticed but him. He continued to stare, hoping to catch the next flash of darkness. His eyes burned, but he was determined to uncover the flickering sun conspiracy. Gerald, hero of the people. That would be his title once he figured out what the government was actually hiding. Darkness. It hit, a little bit longer than the last flash. When the light returned, Gerald's eyes sizzled in his skull. Determination and paranoia pushed him to keep looking. Darkness. Even longer this time. And then the light returned in one triumphant blast. He was close, he was close to figuring everything out. Darkness. So long that the light never returned. While trying to illuminate the hidden plot, Gerald had gone blind. Don't stare at the sun kids. It's not good for your eyes.