We stood on the precipice of a new age, teams of scientists from around the world had gathered around this place and toiled for nearly twenty years to perfect the ancient formula we found there. In that same starting decade we had began to piece together something historians had missed, no, maybe not missed, ignored? In the ruins of a dozen ancient civilizations we found markers, indicators that each of these peoples had stumbled across what we were now just finding ourselves. How had we missed it? With all our science and technology and our diversity surely someone would have seen the pattern and pieced it together. But no, only now in the age of humanities most unfaithful populace had we found it. We built it, but not as they had done in the past, we built it around modern technology, a single pair of VR goggles with the power to glimpse God's kingdom. Most of the world had rejoiced, disparate religions coming together, for the most part, it no longer mattered, humanity had caste aside their beliefs and taken up the Christian cause, God as they knew it existed, proof was about to be seen! A leader was chosen, someone of pure mind, body and soul to take the first glimpse of Heaven. Hell would be another time and place, a secret only revealed to the public if the truth was something they could handle. That truth would never be revealed lest mankind utterly destroy itself. In those days leading up to the viewing, the turn around in humanity was nothing short of miraculous, splinter groups of extremism still existed, refusing to believe the global consensus among scientist that this was real. The day of the viewing came and the whole world watched, governments screened the feed from the VR headset to every TV, computer screen and mobile device. Everyone watched, almost without exception, even the extremists had to know..... We were not prepared. How could we be? We had known this had happened before but we ignored the warning signs, we saw the ruins of a hundred civilizations with no explanation for their fall, but there it was and we ignored it. The young boy that was chosen was fourteen years old, he instantly went mad. On July 1st, he stepped to the VR headset upon a raised Dias in the purpose built stadium in Berlin placed the headset on. What I describe here I describe simply for posterity and on media that can be read easily by future civilizations, because this one, this modern human world we had somehow managed to keep together, was now over. All of our cities are ruined, billions are dead, killed by bombs or by each other in their homes from sheer emotional break down. When the screens first flickered with the slightly staticy images from the other side, it took us a while to adjust to what we were seeing. It was a void, an inky jet black expanse running off the screen in every direction, the boy looked around and around but could find nothing to focus on, in every direction there was nothing. Until he glimpsed a tiny white dot in the distance. Using the controller he'd been given he moved the location on the plane forward until that damnable spot was visable. A huge indescribable darkness within the darkness, absorbing and reflecting no light expanded out like a uneven circle in front of him, it had no depth or lenght but it was still huge to our visual representation of, millions of kilometeres we later guessed, right before the collapse. But it was not the darkness that was terrifying, it was the light that destroyed the world. From an opening in the stretching black void emerged slivers of light, without being told we all immediately knew their name. They were the souls of the dead, those who had come to heaven for judgement, but there was no one left to judge them. They say we as a species retain memories in our DNA of critical events and experiences, its how we know what is dangerous, its the tingling on the back of your neck right before the car crash. In this way, we know what we were seeing, this was Heaven. God's once mighty kingdom, but it was gone, in its place an blackness darker then the darkest void and it had devoured what we knew as Heaven. The clouds, the golden gates, the paradise we sought was gone and what was left was a creature beyond nightmare, beyond fear itself, a truth so damning to the human existence that we could not even stay say in the knowledge of its existence. This thing, we all knew instantly, was all there was after death was destruction. Here it was, incontrovertible evidence that souls existed, that we did continue on after but our Heaven was a fall from death into the waiting maw of some terror that had eaten God.