The desire for power is a rather common phenomenon in the human race, acting on it however is far less common. I am uncommon. The desire overwhelmed me to the point of obsession to gain power by any means necessary. This drove me to dive into the long forgotten arts of necromancy with a gusto borderlining on insanity. I joined a cult of daemonic worshipers as the practiced their sacrificial rituals bathing in the blood of the victims. I have gotten lost in non-existent tomes sleeved with questionable coats in non-existent athenaeums. I have performed horrify grotesque experiments that would give Frankenstein pause. I have done and witnessed things that would drive a man insane several times over but I persisted. I persisted until I reached my goal of raising the dead. There were however some unwanted side effects regarding the creatures. The first creature (it felt wrong calling them human) was a former retail worker. It just stood there blankly staring off into space refusing any orders given. I left it there for two weeks hoping for a change and finding none ended its pointless existence. The second was a former restaurant blogger that died choking. The results were similar to the retail worker as it stood there motionless but only after chewing its arm for 67 minutes and then yelling something akin to a rating (I believe it was 1 out of 5 stars). The third was relatively successful but not practically so. It was a film study student who died wearing a shirt that had a picture of a zombie and the word brains on it in capital letters. I appreciated the irony of it, I did not however appreciated that it did as well. The entire time it existed it just stood there intermittently yelling brains and then chuckling to itself. I did not allow this creature to exist overly long. Other raised creatures were similarly useless. The former chef stumbled into the kitchen turned on the gas range and placed its head on it. The former teacher tried to explain ineffectively through a series of grunts and gestures something I believed it itself did not understand. When it realised it failed it went to a corner and assuming the fetal position cried. The former firefighter stood in front of the fireplace distracted by the flames, occasionally reaching its arm into the fire to (in my opinion) to see if it was hot. There are countless more examples each showing an underlying stupidity. This caused me to enter a state of depression causing me to lapse in my goal as I returned to my former job as an accountant. This is where I am now at a desk looking over pointless numbers for an idiotic boss.