President Morris sat in a large chair in front of nine large screens mounted on the wall. He took another sip of Mountain Dew and adjusted his glasses. "Mr. President," said Colonel Sanders. "They're here." "Excellent, let them in." President Morris responded. The door swung open and eight people filed inside. The room was dimly lit but the President could see just fine. The first person was a man. He was overweight, had a considerable neck beard and his hair was ragged and unkept. His shirt covered in stains, he smelt of syrup. The next was a smaller man who couldn't weigh over 120 pounds with large glasses and fingerless gloves. He walked in and found a chair while cracking open a Redbull. Next, 5 small boys entered. All of them appeared to be 13 or younger and were very rude. "Welcome." Said the President. "Your Mom!" One of the boys responded quickly. The others snickered with delight. "That doesn't even make sense." Responded a confused President Morris as the troop of boys made their way past him. The last to enter was a young woman, probably 20 years of age. She had bright blue hair with green streaks in it. Her eyes were hidden by the hood of her sweatshirt. She walked in without a word and sat down with the others along the wall with the nine screens. These eight people, these eight virtual worriers were the best fighters on the planet. "Ok team," the President said. They all turned around in their swivel chairs. " ..you all know the drill by now with how much you've been through." The group silently nodded while the kids struggled to stifle more giggling. "The Russian team has made contact, sir." Announced Colonel Sanders. "Perfect, bring up the screens and controls." Suddenly the screens flickered to life and game controllers of different sorts popped out of the control panel in front of the group. The President walked along the row of players. "Alright, we've got two minutes until the game starts. We will play 30 rounds of varying game types. First team to 16 round wins will be victorious. I expect perfection, this is the most important conflict that The United States has been involved in for 15 years." The kids stopped giggling and their faces grew serious. "You are the best team on the planet, don't forget that, boys." They collectively nodded. "Now, your controls have been met for your specific styles of play of course. Keyboards for you two," Morris pointed to the young woman and the skinny man who had already downed his Redbull. " ..and playstation or xbox controllers for the rest of you." "What about me, sir?" The large man asked. "Sigh Yes, and a Wii controller for you, you crazy bastard" Said the President. "The controllers are under your seats." "Mr. President," the woman asked in a small voice. "What is the last chair for?" "You think I would just sit back and watch while the fate of my country was decided?" The President replied. She responded with a wry smile. The screens flashed and everyone grabbed their controllers and faced their personal screens as the numbers ticked down to zero. The war was about to begin. And then the Internet went out. "Son of a fuc-..... sigh Fuck, hold on lem me unplug it and plug it back in we'll see if that works." Edit: Formatting, spelling etc.