After checking out several banks in the area, I found the right one. I already robbed the best ones: columns, small area, big windows, etc. As rich as I became, it presented a problem. The remaining banks didn't have the right combination of characteristics to really make a good robbery. It was rare to find a small bank with columns and big windows. Columns were what I needed to attach cables, explosives, and speakers to. They were the bread and butter of my operation. You can't exactly drill a hole into a wall that you could just blast down. Big windows were what were needed in order to come in with a bang and small spaces what were what I needed to flood the room with smoke, so that no one could see what I was really up to. The bank in question was of medium size. That was its only drawback, but it was a key one. A large space would allow for people to see my zip lines, suspension harness, Kevlar, and many other things that made the Black Robber come to life. I worked for several weeks on the bank, making excuses to hang out near the columns. The hardest part was concealing the anchoring points for the cables. A probe could do the job, but sneaking one in was difficult. I created a story that I was having problems with several bank accounts, and decided to transfer them all to one big one. For some reason, it worked on all the banks. They were all to happy to have me there for months on end to get whatever large amounts of funds I had. What they didn't know was that they were about to lose it all. Detective Pierce Jones knew something about the new "super" criminal was off. The Black Robber, as he called himself, never confronted anyone. Every time the police showed up to stop him, he simply ran. His escapes never seemed real, always awkward. He watched the video again, looking for something he missed. Police stormed the building, smashing in the glass door, and rappelling down windows. Whatever soldier entered in from the one the black robber entered fell to the ground, for no obvious reason. Autopsy reports showed a drug which relaxed their muscles. But that made no sense. Why would a super villain need drugs? This is where detective Jones began his search. The video continued showing bullets being shot at his dark figure in the smoke, seeming to do no harm. His shadow warped and changed as he approached the edge of the smoke, then soldiers dropped from his outstretched hand. His escape was the strangest part. He stood in the center of the room for a while, same place he landed. His huge booming voice sounded throughout the bank, "The police can't stop me, no one can." Then, he rose up and slowly glided out of the room. The columns exploded, sending rubble everywhere. Jones had watched this part over and over with a careful eye. His legs seemed to hang there, dangling in mid air. That was what he saw to know something was up. I returned home to check the suit. This is what made it all come together. The Kevlar armor hidden beneath a thin layer of black fabric. The black mask that covered his mouth, like an old western, and slowly blended to become part of the larger suit. A hood tightly pulled over only allow a slit to see with my eyes. A system of electrodes in my hand let me activate the explosives I had throughout the bank, letting him make it look like I created explosions with his hands. A harness nicely hidden withing, that had almost unseen hooks that let me catch onto the system of cables I had. A nice plus of a larger bank was that the columns were larger, making it easier to drill holes for the drones to climb in. Only two days till break in. Detective Jones scanned through footage of the bank, looking for anything strange. There were plenty of people milling about to provide plenty of confusion, but he had a sharp eye. He noticed a man disappear behind a column, outside sight of any cameras. He expected the man to come across the other side, but he seemed to disappear. He kept watching until the man came into sight a few minutes later. Jones knew something was up. He scanned the rest of the footage of several days, looking for the man. He came everyday, always standing in one area for a while, then moving on. He knew this had to be him. Jones searched through hundreds of bank footage, looking for any sign of the man. He scoured hundreds of banks in the area, finding nothing. Then, something occurred to him. The black robber, like any human, tended to be habitual. The banks he robbed always had columns, and large windows. He narrowed his search, still having to sift through thousands of hours of footage. He looked at the clock, 5 a.m. He redoubled his efforts. Then he spotted him. A larger bank than as per the usual, but still, it fit his style. He called the director. "Sir, I have serious news. I've found out where he's gon na hit next." Jones heard the sleepy reply. "The sun's hardly risen. This better be good." "Sir, I've found where the Black Robber's going to rob next, and I think we can stop him." A sharp retort cut his hopes, "Stop him? He's the most powerful man in the city. You can't fight him." Jones replied excitedly "About that Sir, I think he's a normal human, and even we set up a task force "No. He's obviously not normal, and we can't come close to trying to shoot at him. Tell bank owners to be ready to give their money away, and evacuate." The director said. "Of course Sir." Jones said, and ended the call. He looked at the phone. An evacuation or warning would tip of the Black Robber, and he would lose his chance. He searched footage looking for a better option. If he could get the timing..... 8 a.m.: Jones figured it out. The robber spent 3 weeks and 4 days at each bank before the robbery. Every time. There were still 4 days until the robbery. He could set up defenses against the robber. He would catch him. Before he could get up, he was hit by a wave of exhaustion, and fell asleep.