The rain fell on the particularly gloomy day. The mud sloshing around the car's tires. The windshield wipers might as well have been traveling as fast as the car, but the driver still wouldn't be able to see. Suddenly, something got stuck in between the tire and the car bringing the car to a screeching halt and leaving a long trail in the mud. Perhaps it was a stick or a rock. The driver slowly got out of his car in order to avoid getting mud on his new, white shoes. His strategy was doomed to begin with, but nonetheless, he tried it. Although his shoes were already covered in mud, he carefully walked over to the trunk of the car. Thumping and screaming could be heard from inside the trunk, but the man simply took a strange boomerang-like object and pointed it at the trunk, and within a moment, something like thunder rang throughout the area. Without even recoiling, he tucked the object into his long overcoat and began walking back to his seat. The man opened the door and let out a sigh. Suddenly, he felt some warm, small hands cup over his mouth. Before he could react, he heard a somehow calming voice. "Sorry, Mister. I didn't mean to scare you. Could you please give me a ride to Saint George's Cliff?" The man tried to let out a scream, but something about this woman's beautiful voice made him stop. She let go of his face and thanked him. The man begun driving the car but thought about what he would do with this woman. There's no way she didn't hear the gunshot. "She could've thought it was simply thunder," he thought. "If she tries anything else suspicious, I'll just shoot her, but why am I even bothering to take her all the way to Saint George's Cliff?" Suddenly, the realization hit him that he hadn't even asked this woman what her name was. "Miss, could I at least have your name? I think my boss will need to know why I'll be showing up so late for work." She paused. "Well, mister. Have you heard of the killing of Stanley Anderson?" The man's face fell. "How did she know!?!" he thought to himself. "How does she know I killed him?..... No, I have to play it cool." Finally, he replied, "No, ma'am. Who's this Stanley? She smiled. "Oh. Come on, now. You have to have heard of him. Then, again. You do seem like a foreigner." The man's face regained its color. "Well, Stanley was my boyfriend. Sometimes, I like to think about him at the cliff." The man's face had now risen to a full smile. "I'm sorry for your loss, ma'am, but I'm afraid that I asked for your name." The woman's face fell for the man had not fallen for her trick. She hadn't tricked him into revealing that he knew about the murder. "Oh. I apologize. I was thinking about Stanley, so I suppose I forgot. I'm Felicia Parker." For the second time in the last few minutes, the man's face fell again. "This woman is actually Felicia! There's no way this is a coincidence. She's going to kill me," the man thought. This was the only time the man had ever feared the concept of death. Ever since he was a child, death always seemed like good fun. After all, if it wasn't fun, why would his parents have died when he was so young? The man began to take out his gun, but before he could, the felt something sharp and cold pierce his arm. "You know something about when you lose someone close to you? It turns you crazy. Crazy enough to kill people just to see what it's like to be the criminal rather than the victim," she joyfully exclaimed. "Now, William. Why don't we see what's going on in your head?" The man desperately exclaimed, "Please. I'll give anything you want. I have millions." The woman laughed and simply responded, "So did Stanley." Her knife was slowly inserted into William's head. That was when William finally realized the truth of death, but at the same time, he felt happiness for bring the world a new version of himself. P.S. This is my first story I've written for this subreddit. It's not as good as I think I could've done, but I did only write this in 30 minutes.