I don't belong here, I probably never will. I can not understand the people in this era. It feels that I'm the only person here that have emotions. Whenever I talk to anyone here, all the focus are on the numbers and the efficiency. There is an advantage to people in this era, the efficient education system allowed me to learn to read and write in the span of 2 days, it took my son 5 years back in his time. I also learned enough math and physics to build a mini teleporter in the span of a week. So how did I get here? No one here believes me, but I was casted here by a wizard back in the era where there was leprechauns and dragons. They think I suffered from a concussion and end up producing some false memories as they don't even believe that dragons exist, however I don't think a concussion would cause such vivid memories of all my experience in the past and I still feel everything that has happened to me are real. So I did some reasoning. There are no mythical creatures in the 10 dimensions as the current technology allows us to teleport to any time and any place of the 10 dimensions, so we can verify. Out of the 10 dimensions, I currently reside in the dimension with the most intellectual civilization. It's common knowledge here that there can't be an 11th dimension, as that would disprove many of the well known conjectures, which we still can not find full proof of. Therefore if my personal experience are correct, the 11th dimension would exist, as the conjectures can be wrong. This is why I am building a teleporter to the 11th dimension. It took me a total of 10 years of various experiments and research. 10 years is irrelevant here as the technology here allows me to not age, in fact I am now younger and healthier than before coming here. All I want to do is to go back home, as no matter how much education I get, I still feel a sharp disconnect with the people who were born in this era. I miss my family and the leprechaun I hangout with in my front yard. As soon as I put the finishing touch on the 11th dimension teleporter another portal opened up, and another copy of me walked out. "Don't do it," he or rather I said. Before he could explain his reasoning, another portal popped up and I came out yelling "Get in now! or you won't be able to escape.." Right then 10 more portals popped up each giving me a different instruction. I was in shock at what is going on as it seems that every second more and more copies of me are coming out of the portals. In a shock of panic, I decided to enter the portal and selected a time some copies of me had shouted out. Instantaneously, I feel the space wrapping around me and all of a sudden I am back home. I looked outside the 2nd floor window and saw centaurs and elves in my front yard. I am back I thought. A portal suddenly opened with an older muscular version of me walking out, without saying a word, he shoved me inside his portal. I feel the space around me wrapping again....