(Apologies for two submissions, but need to write.) Dear PowerFalcons, Hey Josh. It's me, Josh. How have you been? It's been a while I've talked with you, life gets in the way of myself sometimes. I've been not so hot Josh. I went through a breakup, one that took much longer than it should've. It's been hard, but to he honest, when is pain easy? I keep a straight face and stiff upper lip and tell everyone I'm okay. But that's as useful as a bandaid on a tumor. I live so far from everyone Josh. They're all in good universities and living it up and having a social life and lovers. Meanwhile where did our dream derail? We were supposed to be with them! I know I blame our counselor for not letting us know we needed a class to make up, but I should have been more prudent. I fucked up. I know that my parents and brothers say that it's okay, they were initially disappointed. I was supposed to be a first generation student, the pride of the entire family tree, but my leaf did not survive. I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. To my friends, I'm so sorry I couldn't hold my end of the bargain, but please understand. To the girl I crushed on and still do: understand that I'm not the same person. We have so much left to do, and so many things to experience. I still play music, but the tune has changed, just as you have. I may live far from you, but even if our conversations are from a screen, I'm happy. Let's meet soon. To my family and little brothers: Thank you. You are the reason I live. Why I wake up so early to work and learn. So that you guys won't need to in the future. I'm proud of your future, you'll be a great doctor. Your so amazingly smart (except ill whup you in baseball trivia). I can't wait until yall are adults. To my older brother: Words alone will never fully express my gratitude to you. When others wouldn't, you would, at your own expense. You'll meet an amazing woman where we work, just be patient. You'll be a kickass accountant. I'm so glad I can finally begin to repay everything you've done for me and our family. I look up to you man. I hope we can move soon to our own place, so we can rock when we want to. To Joshua: It'll be okay. You and I know that it's hard for us. But you have to keep going. We'll make it, we'll be an amazing engineer. We'll meet a great woman who will love us beyond belief. We'll go to three PNW and have a ball. But it can't be done alone. You are not an island. Lose weight, you'll stop snoring. Lets love me. Love PowerFalcons.