"Well this is awkward," the prince said. "Indeed," remarked the dragon. The princess just stared up at the two of them, sword in hand. They were seated at a table - the prince on an extremely high seat - and moments ago, just before the princess had smashed down the door, had been engaged in a rousing game of backgammon. "Yes," she eventually conceded, "It is." "Well, I mean, what is your plan?" Asked the prince. "Are you here for me or something?" "I am, yes." "But whatever for?" "Everybody thought you needed rescuing. They were going to send a male knight, but I managed to convince them that sending a princess to rescue a prince would be a great twist on a tired classic." The dragon looked uncomfortable. "Who's everyone?" asked the prince. "Well, the village I suppose. I mean, technically I didn't talk to everyone. And some people didn't care at all. But at least five people thought you needed rescuing." "Did you talk to my father?" "No." she admitted. "If you had, he probably would have told you not to bother. He's knows I want be here. Hell, I just Skyped him this morning." The dragon shifted awkwardly in his seat. "Some prejudices die hard," he muttered under his breath. "Excuse me, I didn't quite catch that," asserted the princess. "Oh for god's sake," said the dragon, "it's 2015 and you village people still think that all dragons are big, horrible, evil things who wish harm upon the human race. Don't you think that maybe some of us have moved beyond that? We have feelings too, you know." He began to sob quietly and the prince took his claw tightly. This made the dragon cry harder, and then he got up sadly to leave. As he exited the room he muttered something about the princess breaking down a perfectly good door..... just renovated..... mahogany with iron hinges..... "We're in love," the prince said simply, turning to the princess. "Not everyone can understand that, but we can't help how we feel." The princess said nothing, but she looked a little sheepish. "Perhaps it's best if you leave," said the prince gently. "So I came all this way for nothing?" "Not quite!" Yelled the dragon, and pulled a lever, releasing a trapdoor underneath the princess. She fell screaming into a pit of fiery lava. "You're such a bitch," said the prince.