The light in the interrogation room was dim. Almost felt like something out of a movie with a basic steel table in front of me. There I was in a basic folding chair staring into the dirty one way mirror. I almost felt like lighting up a cigarette and waiting for two guys to come in playing good copbad cop. What was to come was nothing of the sort. The first detective burst into the room. A pudgy guy with suspenders holding up his khaki's against his ugly pink shirt. I noticed his poorly maintained mustache but instead focused my gaze on the furious look on his face. I brushed that off for a second reassuring myself "This is the bad cop part of the routine." That was until his partner followed in behind him. This guy was more in shape. Your basic middle aged man with a suit on and his hair combed back. His partner immediately shouted "Animals like you should be locked up for eternity!" Despite the odds I collected myself. The well-dressed detective appeared to be called Dillon while his larger counterpart was named Sam. I knew I hadn't done anything wrong so I wasn't even sure what I was doing there. Accused of murdering a woman I never met. That didn't faze me because I knew I was innocent. As the detectives went over the crime asking me where I'd been and how they were basically certain I'd done it. I let them know I'd never met the woman before. The night in question I said I went out for some drinks, chatted up a few people, and then went home. I had credit card purchases to prove my whereabouts. Sam huffed at my statement then hurried out of the room. In what seemed to be a few seconds he appeared again with a laptop. On it he had security camera footage of the hotel bar I was in. It was mostly empty with me drinking a couple glasses of wine. Then a blonde I was chatting with for a while. "THATS HER YOU MONSTER!." The woman he was referring to had introduced herself as Jenny but I guess her real name was Janice. This would be why I didn't know who they were talking about. Part way through the video you could see me slap her arm and she became upset. I was really just hitting a mosquito that had landed there but I guess it was a bit too hard and she yelled at me. We had a few tense words and parted ways which I conveyed to both detectives was the last time I saw her. The detectives didn't seem to believe me and let me go telling me I shouldn't plan any trips. The next day the video somehow had leaked. I guess the whole department had still believed I did it so one of the officers leaked the tape to media. It was on Nancy Grace that showed a few seconds of me drinking then quickly cut to me hitting Janice's arm. Nancy then went into an hour long tirade about how I was an alcoholic woman abuser who probably grew up in a broken home and this reflected how all men think it's okay to abuse women. Public sentiment went downhill quickly against me. That a murderer was walking the streets and really I had few ways to prove any different. The next day I phoned a lawyer to get control of the situation. I still maintained my innocence so I sold the case to the attorney as a slam dunk easy win for him. I had a meeting with him the next day to run down my story and any evidence I could provide of my innocence. At this point I was guilty until proven innocent. The very next day I was arrested walking to my car in the morning. Dillon was there announcing "We finally got you red handed you piece of trash!" I was dazed and confused at this point but still thought it was nothing more than people wanting me to be guilty and filling in the gaps. Sitting around again in handcuffs Sam dragged me into the room. Apparently someone had tried to'lose' the tape from the hotel that Janice was murdered in but they finally found a copy. Sam hit play and I couldn't believe what I saw. It was me and Janice walking down the hall to a room. Making out and being very touchy and sexual. It was definitely me but I know for sure I wasn't there that night. The man in the video looked exactly like me even down to the clothes I was wearing in the bar. The two entered the room and at that point Sam had to fast forward the video. After about 30 minutes or so you saw..... well ME exit the room with blood on his face and a bloody shirt. In a hustle the man in the video zipped up his jacket to hide the shirt and used some cloth to wipe down his hands and face before walking off camera. Apparently Janice had been sexually assaulted then beaten to death with a lamp in that room. Then she was repeatedly stabbed with a butter knife. No prints on any of that stuff though since it had all been wiped down. Sam stopped the video and with a cold stare asked me if I wanted to sign my confession now. MY head hung as I looked down at the table not sure what to say. Who was in the video? Was that really me? A clone? Body snatchers? I had no answers and no memory of committing this horrible crime. I trailed off and said in a meek voice that I needed to wait for my lawyer. They chucked me into my cell as I waited in silence...