I entered the elevator with Jim and Olli, starting a new week at Fred Norville Inc. "Hey Jim, how're the kids?" I said. "They're fine, though money is a little tight. The mortgage is killing me." replied Jim..... and then he exclaimed: "It was a misdiagnosis! Doctor James was murdered, it wasn't a suicide!" "How'd you get that?" I asked. "Mortgage. On a house. On House it was never Lupus, except that one time. Doctor James misdiagnosed a patient, because Lupus symptoms vary widely, but it was actually Lupus. The case was chucked out because it's not malpractice, just an unfortunate mistake - the patient lost everything on the hospital bills." Jim said, stopped the elevator and then scurried off. "And you Olli?" I asked. "Fine, fine. The little one just started walking. No sense of danger whatsoever for that little daredevil." Walking..... no sense of danger..... Walker, Texas Ranger? Wait. Chuck Norris. He fought Bruce Lee, who died of an allergy to a muscle relaxant. Relaxant is an anagram of Rant Axle, the pub downstairs. THAT'S WHERE I LEFT MY CREDIT CARD! I stopped the elevator and ran down the stairs..... just in time to see the owner of the place sell credit cards, including my own. Easiest arrest ever. We went back to the office. On the way up, one people left because I said something about Pizza, I stopped a drug deal due to a connection between the meeting place and someone mentioning dental floss, and we found a way to track down all the lost vehicles in the Bermuda Triangle after talking about football. That's mondays for you. Things get rather hectic around here on mondays. By lunch, we managed to find a restructuring program for the US government that would solve the debt crisis and world hunger while cutting taxes after a game of darts led to some calculations about air turbulence and probablistic analysis. Someone will win a Nobel for that. It would be the fourth one in that many years for the department. Quite frankly, it would be less impressive than the Peace Prize, after a recap of Game of Thrones led us to make peace in the Middle East. God, that Joffrey is a cunt. The Irish prisoner was our miracle machine. No one knows about him except Norville and I. It all started when a few years ago, we figured out that we just needed some luck. And wherever he is, the Lucky Charms are always around somewhere. Norville, in a moment of brilliance when high out of his mind said we just keep him here, and we'll have all the luck we need. No one expected it to work that way. But now we get to the dark side of this. Every monday, every fucking monday, people have to run around and do shit. In order to enjoy luck, you have to get around a bit. God, I hate mondays. I went to Norville's office. He was smoking again, and having a tough time ordering pizza. "Hey Garf, hold the anchovies" Shaggy said.