The child sat on the swing, gently rocking back and forth. She wasn't sure of what else to do. She didn't have the dog to play with anymore, not since it ran off after she no longer had food to give it. So she swung back and forth, back and forth. A breeze rose, bringing her the smell of dung from the outhouse. She wrinkled her nose in disgust and tried to think of something exciting to do. But nothing came to mind. She had done everything she considered exciting weeks ago. She had thought of leaving, of exploring, but this was home, where her mother and father were. She couldn't leave them behind. A shadow flickered in the corner of her eye. She turned to look directly at the movement. Maybe an animal was walking through. She had seen a bear once, with her father, but only from a distance. He had told her to not be scared, because animals can smell fear. She wished she could smell fear. It would be better than just smelling poop for most of the day. But there was nothing there. Not a bird, or a squirrel, or anything. Another shadow flickered to her right. She whipped her head around to stare at it. She knew it had moved. Her father had told her to trust her instincts too. She stopped swinging to concentrate on her surroundings. As soon as she did a shadow flickered again, flickered and became someone. There was no transition, there was no one, and then someone. The person stood watching her. She couldn't really tell what they looked like. Her father has told her to pay attention to details, because details can tell you things. But there were no details. Only that the person cast no shadow. She blinked and asked, "Why don't you have a shadow?" The person chuckled, "Didn't your parents ever tell you not to talk to strangers, child?" She frowned, "Papa taught me lots of things, but there never were any strangers around for Papa to teach me about." "And where is Papa?" Sorrow and loneliness flashed across her face, but instead of responding she asked, "Where did you come from? You weren't there, and then you were." The being shook its head, "Unimportant," it paused and said, "what is important is why I am here." She looked at the figure questioningly and it continued, "I am here for you." The girl started swinging again. "What do you want with me? Do you have any food? I'm really hungry," she added. "No," it said quietly, almost menacingly, "I do not have sustenance for you." "Crap," she sighed. Her father had told her not to swear, to use her mind instead of using whatever words other people thought were right for a situation. But she had heard him swear a couple of times, and he wasn't here to catch her. "Who are you anyway?" "I am Death." "Oh." She thought for a moment, "Is that why you can just appear places?" "Yes." It stared at her, with that face that she couldn't remember even while she was looking at it, and cocked its head. "It's time for you to come with me. "She pouted and began to retort, but it forestalled her by saying, "You are the last." She didn't know what to say. The way it had said that made her scared. She was the last of what? But her father had taught her to not ask the obvious questions. Instead she said, "Will there be food where we are going?" It stood silent for a minute, just gazing at her. When it spoke, its voice was confident and calming. "I do not know. I am only the Guide. I have journeyed with all of your kind, from the very beginning thousands of years ago, to the end," it glanced away, "which is today." "Oh." The little girl was silent on her swing for some time. She slowly came to a stop and got off the seat her father had made for her. It had carvings of leaves on the sides and bottom, to'blend into the trees' as her father had told her. "Will you hold my hand?" She knew she smelled of fear. Maybe Death could smell it. She added in a small voice, "I'm scared." Death only smiled and reached out a hand for her to grab. She closed her eyes and grabbed on tight. The blackness seemed permanent. Another breeze rose up, carrying with it the smells of nature, and the sound of birds. The swing hanging from the tree slowly drifted back and forth.