It was a normal day, save for a steady down pour of rain in the hot month of July. I didn't really think anything of it other than a cool summer storm and a nice cup of hot chocolate on my porch. My husband had come home from work early due to him having a killer headache. My mom said it was probably the sudden change in weather; she also had some conspiracy theory about it being the government. My mom is a very interesting person. "Michelle, do you want more hot chocolate?" Tyler asked, motioning to the almost emptied cup resting upon my pregnant belly. I was almost 35 weeks, and I wanted to die. "No I'm good love. How's your head?" I replied, reaching over to rub the top of his thigh. I listened as the ocean waves lapped against the rocky shore beneath our porch. This was my paradise. If I were lucky, I'd see a whale or dolphin pop up here and there. Today, not so much. Just before Tyler could answer, a bright light flashed up in the sky. "What the fuck was that? My mom asked from the kitchen window. "It was lightning mom!" I yelled back. "Michelle, that's not lightning. There would be thunder..." Tyler murmured to me. Out of nowhere, a loud boom sounded. I smiled, getting ready to stick my tongue out. "I told you, Ty. Light but he was right. A giant octagonal shaped thing came hurling down in the distance. It landed in the ocean and made a significant enough splash, I could see it over the horizon past the tall and rough waves. "Holy shit!" I jumped, my cup landed hard on the weather treated porch and smashed into smithereens. "Get inside, now." Tyler stated, getting up to help me to my feet. I waddled into the sliding glass door and he shut and locked it behind us. "Shut the window ma," he instructed my mom. "Why what's going on?" My mom started to panic, I could see it in her eyes. "Is it a nuke?!" She was on level nine freak out. "No. Mom, it looked like..... it looked like a ship..." I explained, my words shaking. "Like a boat or like a pew pew ship?" She asked as she did finger-guns and twirled her hand above her greying head. "The second one. I know this will sound crazy but..." Tyler trailed off, his face conveying shock. "But what?!" I asked, lightly beating on his chest. "Michelle, look outside.." My head panned from his face to the sliding glass door, and what I saw astounded me. The water was no longer rough and choppy, but was calm. And still. It was like time was paused. "This will sound crazy but Porter was talking about this. How they, NASA, contacted Dr. David and said they needed help with identifying some sort of foreign specimen they found on that asteroid that crashed in Reno. It had unknown traces and..... DNA from a killer whale. I laughed it off, thought that it might have been a mistake. But I think that it's right. I think they're stealing our sea life. All those dead fish, whales, everything that have washed up lately on the beach.... It's not because of natural causes. I had to keep this under wraps but this.... This proves it. We had no cause as to why they were all dying because they were all healthy. We named it as natural causes to not solicit any fear but.... This puts two and two together." Mom and I were speechless. I felt Ava kick in my stomach and I feared for her life. "Are they gon na come to us?" I asked after a few seconds. Tyler shook his head. "They already would have. They have no interest in us. They want the salt and blood from the sea. They want the meat and bones. The ones that washed up had weird bite marks in their abdomens and were missing their spines. I thought it was weird but that's not really my division. It's Porter's." Tyler said as he wrapped his arms around me. "I fucking knew it. I knew aliens were real. I believed every word Uncle Larry was saying to me." Mom said, hands on her hips. "Well what do we.... What do we do?" I asked, my heart beat fast and my stomach churning. I was hoping it wouldn't effect Ava too much. "There's not much we can do. We have to just watch."