You wouldn't believe me if I told you I was a god. Of course you wouldn't. How could you? In this world, I'm nothing but an ordinary man, and that world, the one I'd built for myself from nothing? It disappears the moment I awaken. "Everyone dreams," you'd scoff, not understanding that these were persistent dreams, not the disjointed combination of memory and imagination that most see when they close their eyes. Not understanding that I lived two full lives. That sometimes I wondered if this life was the dream. I remember the first time I entered that world. I remember the flash of light that exploded outward from the universe's center. From me. Without even thinking, I flew through space, leaving a vacuum in my wake that pulled together stars and galaxies. Somehow I knew what I was, and what I was capable of. With that knowledge in mind, I stopped my aimless wandering and turned around to view a star much like our own sun. In my hands I pulled together the dust into a ball, and set it in motion around the star. Something about it wasn't right though. I tried again, leaving the first attempt where it lay. Again and again I tried, sometimes making them too big, sometimes too small, sometimes too far from the star, sometimes too close, until finally I smiled upon one last planet. My world. I awoke with that smile still on my face, but quickly saddened as it dawned upon me that my time as a god had been only a dream. There was this..... supreme emptiness in my heart, my soul, which probably would have resulted in my suicide had I not found myself back in that world the next night. I stopped reminiscing for a moment and looked up from my coffee, my gaze drawn to you again. Your face seemed to snap back into your book as our eyes met. I must have been staring before, and now you were watching me to make sure I wasn't some kind of crazy. I finished my coffee and walked to the counter for a refill and I could feel your eyes following me there. I sat back down on the opposite side of my table, so that my back was turned to you. Today was supposed to be the day I gathered the courage to say something to you, but I still had no idea what to say, and felt like I'd blown my chance. What had I said to you there, when I had made you out of thin air? I couldn't remember. I don't think I had to say anything. I think you just knew. You were everything I wanted in this world, but couldn't have. You were more than that; I'd made you my equal in godhood. I even gave you the means to leave me and create your own partner god, and still you chose me. On that choice we built a world together, a world of peace, of comfort, of cooperation. The people were the same, but their culture had not been forged in the struggle for resources that our own had. There was no need for war, for greed, for control. Those norms of this harsh reality never reared their ugly heads in the world we'd dreamt up. I saw you leave the coffee shop. I sighed and hung my head. I'd first seen you a week ago, I'd come back here every day since, and still hadn't said a word to you. Was there any way to salvage this tomorrow? Even if you did come back to this place again, greeting you with talk of my dreams was bound to scare you off. I could never tell you how we lived together for thousands of years, watching a society evolve with our own ideals. How through cooperation they developed technologies that were still science fiction to this world. How they'd explored the stars I created so haphazardly, building cities on far away planets, creating things from elements I hadn't included in their own world. You would never believe that we stood together through it all. I stood and turned to leave, when I heard the bell ring as the door opened and you came back in. You walked to my table, and as my heart raced in fear that you were here to tell me off, I heard the words I had longed for more than anything. The words that changed everything: "I know you must think I'm stalking you or something but hear me out. This is gon na sound really weird, but I've seen you before, in my dreams."