"IF YOU'RE LOOKING LOW PRICES AND QUALITY GUARENTEED, COME INTO FAST-MART TODAY, WE WO N'T DISSAPOINT" shouted the Yeller as we snickered. My friend Jeffery, a rather talented and well-versed scribe, began asking her various philosophical and scientific questions. "Ma'am, I must ask, what is the purpose of life and the human race as we know it?" Jeffery asked. " ..... IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR LOW PRICES AND QUALITY GUARENTEED, COME INTO FAST-MART TODAY, WE WO N'T DISSAPOINT." The poor bastard had no clue what she had gotten herself into. Poor sobs such as this one tended to have come from far away lands, searching for a better life in our newfound "Land of the Opportune." Little did they know that they'd become opportunities, not opportune. After signing an "employment" contract, which they could not understand nor negotiate, they would sit down in a small room filled with people very much like them, and begin the conditioning process. I suppose no one told them that the only thing they'd be conditioned for would be a life of slavery. I'm sure the poor sob remembers the painful needle slicing in and out of the skin, spelling out her new baroque and colorful vocabulary of only 16 words. Never again will she utter a "hello," "I love you," or "Goodbye"; Those were erased straight off her body during conditioning. Her tongue is now property of Fast-Mart LLC. "Enough friend, we've had our fun, we mustn't tarry on our way to inscriptionary!" I shouted at Jeffery as I continued walking down the road towards class. Jeffery caught up to me after about a minute or so, yet he had a look to him; like something was awry. "What's the matter friend?" "It's just that yeller, she noticed something. I'm just..... I..." "Yes friend, what was it?" "She saw my palm, the left one, where I had my special word inscribed" "Yes, and what of it" "It was the name of my mother, but not her exact name, a nickname if you will. I called her Mary of the Prairie, but no one had this inscription aside from me and my mother. I had "Mary," and she had "of the Prairie." She has been dead for 5 years, and from what I knew no one else had this inscription. But the woman back there, she saw my palm and grabbed it, and before I could yank it back she leaned over and put her left palm out as if to show me something" Visibly shaken, I let Jeffery compose himself before asking, "What was it? what did it say?" Jeffery held back tears and looked me in the eye, and the words that he said will haunt me, for years and years. " ..... of the Prairie" I'm relatively new to this but wow I loved writing this even if it isn't that great! Kudos to skeetsauce42 for coming up with this brilliant writing prompt idea, it really got me thinking!