To answer the fist question you'll have, yes. It still hurts. I don't know what caused this. Cellphone radiation, good diet, maybe genetics? Maybe I'll research it. After all, I've got nothing but time now. I think it was a Monday when I first realized that I was..... different. I worked at a gas station in a little town in Arkansas sitting behind the counter. It was a very mundane job, but I enjoyed the quiet. I usually spent my time reading books between the occasional customers I had. One afternoon, just as the sun was beginning to set, I had a customer come in wearing a razorback hat, and a grey sweatshirt. He gave me a weird vibe, so I reached for the shotgun under the counter. I held it in my lap, just out of sight of the man in my store. "Hey man, mind if I get a pack of Camel Reds?" He spoke with an odd kindness that alleviated my anxiety. I set the gun down and turned towards the rack of cigarettes behind me. When I turned back I was looking down the barrel of a gun. I was expecting him to ask me to open the register or something, but all I heard was a loud bang. I screamed like a little kid and pulled my arms in front of my face. There were a few moments of silence before the man ran out of the store. I lowered my arms with one eye squinted. He was gone. I just thought I was the luckiest bastard alive, which in retrospect, I guess I wasn't exactly wrong. I went back into the employee bathroom to wash the sweat off my face, but the mirror greeted me with a gruesome figure. Part of my head was missing. I was in shock. I sat on the floor looking into the mirror for an hour trying to contemplate my situation as I watched my head slowly heal. My first thought was I could heal fast like some character out of a comic book. To test that theory, I left the station and drove to the highway overpass. It took an hour or two to coax myself into jumping, but I eventually worked up the courage. I fell to the hard asphalt below. Jesus Christ did that hurt. I had to of broken a dozen bones, and crushed a few of my internal organs. I had to learn more about this new found gift of mine. I never went back to work. The next couple of months were spent testing the extent of my ability. I tried not eating for a couple of weeks. I felt hungry, but nothing more. I tried fire next. Holy shit that was a mistake. I burned the skin off my body entirely and my nerves screamed with pain. That was when I learned the extent of my healing. I heal at the same rate as other normal people except for fatal injuries. Gunshot to the head took about an hour, spike in the heart took two, broken neck took about a day. I spent my days doing all the things I wanted to do. I travelled mostly, and I read a lot. As the years went by, I started to notice my family got older and died, while I stayed the same age. That is what confuses me the most I think. Why did I stop aging that day? Maybe I was always immortal, but that doesn't explain why I aged at all. Then again, I don't have much of a mind for science. I realized my amazing gift was actually a terrible curse. I had to watch everything die around me as I stood still, frozen in time. It's a lonely life I live, but I still try to make the most of it.