The vessel had a eerie hum to it. Maybe it was all the silence getting to me. I had just woken out of my sleep protocol to celebrate crossing over the solar systems boundary. After we have crossed it we will be closer to the new sun than our own. "what are you looking at? " , comes a voice from behind me. "oh it's you!" "who else would it be? " , I turned around to face her. "did you had a good rest honey?" "I slept like a rock" she said with a coy grin. "we are about to pass over the interplanetary solar border in just a couple of seconds!" "Great ill go pop the champagne!" as she rolls her eyes. "come on count with me it will be fun!" "fine. " , she sighed while she propelled herself into me. "Ten, nine, eight, Seven! " , we exclaim in unison. "maybe after this the real fun can start." she said with a wink. I gave her a knowing smile back. "uhh Five, Four, Three, Two, One! "whoo!" I shouted while my wife just gives me the your such a nerd look. "All right, now that's over I have a few other activity that we can enjoy" The cabin rumbles. Then there is silence. Even the Erie hum has evaporated Then there is a bright light outside the port window. The light gets gradually brighter as a we approach something ahead of us. "Is that the sun?" "no" I said trying to get a better view of what was ahead of us, out of my our side facing window. "soon the light was so bright I had to step away from the window. The intensity kept increasing until we were suspended in a perfectly white space. In front of us stood a silhouette of a man. "its so good to see you!" I've been waiting for this moment my whole life!" "Who are you? " , I said. "Me? I'm just the universes most finest god to ever have been." "Oh my god!" Jessica exclaimed. "well now I am!" said the white tan man who looked to be in his late twenties. With a long white beard. He wore a old white robe tucked into some long pants. "I have absolute power over this entire section of our universe. Its been a while since I've seen anyone else around so today is a great day!" "I would like to show you around." he said as he snaps his fingers. Instantly we are transported to the vast open space outside of the shuttle. You see that little green an blue dot that is where your new home will be!" he snaps his fingers and we are transported to the planet in an open plain with vibrant colors and beautiful sunset. Probably the most beautiful sight of the whole planet. "I've made you a wonderful home here where you can grow and enjoy life and have lots of children! Oh it's been a long time" "a long time since what?" asked Jessica folding her arms. "since having people." "what happens to the other ones?" "oh a..... well you see they ahh. Died." he said with a cringe." But don't worry I've got everything under control this time no more accidents!" he exclaimed as he worriedly waves his hands to calm us. "uh I don't like the sound of that. I want to go back home now" "I'm sorry you can't just leave. And I'm afraid that your ship is not operational anymore" as what I assume to be our ship broke through the atmosphere and into pieces which burned up and left long smoke trails embedded in the sky. "you can't do this!" exclaimed Jessica as she tries to hit the man The sky darkens "I can and I will!" he vanishes just as Jessica was about to hit. She turns to face me. "why are gods such assholes?"