I was one of the lucky ones. At the edge of the village, the river pools into a large circle for my friends and I to swim in. When the earthquake happened, the pool erupted into motion, and the hole that swallowed my village never got to me before the mudslide. I remember layer upon layer of mud pushing me down, and I could draw a perfect picture of the branch I grabbed before I was pulled away from the hole that was once my home. After a few minutes, I was dead. It felt like a wild panic as I grappled for air, then sleep, then sudden clarity. I was abruptly released from my body. I could see my body, then the pile of mud atop it, the ruins, the valley, the whole world, and more. When I arrived in the spirit realm, some of the villagers were already on their way back. They were downtrodden. One of them mumbled, "There was nothing to return to. I was nothing but a pile of meat and bones." I snapped into to present. I still feel, in my immaterial state, a little substance, an electric rhythm of life. I can almost hear my heartbeat in the distance. I ask the man, "Did the whole village die?" "Undoubtedly. Every single one of us besides you and your friends were accounted for in the accursed place," he fumed, "yet some returned - we all felt the pull to - and they arrived in time to return to life, but my body..." I don't hang around to talk. I'm not sure how I do it, but I can feel, at each turn, where to go. Every cave opening, every building, every tree feels familiar as I blast across this strange land. I feel no pain, and no need to breathe. I am able to run faster than I ever did in my body, but soon, I don't feel the need to. The blur of the landscape turns into abstraction. I feel the reverse of when I died, seeing the stars first, then the earth, a large land, and finally, my valley. I find myself running again. I stumble, and fall into that same pool the earthquake destroyed. Wreckage was everywhere. Every three within a mile was felled. And mud sat drying in the sun everywhere except the hole where my village once sat. I see spirits, like me, sobbing over their mangled bodies, and revived bodies doing the same for their loved ones. Most villagers were crushed by the pit. Only a few can be revived. I am one of them. I can feel it. I am close. My feet make no imprint on the mud as I run down the side of the mountain. I follow the trail the mud slide made as I crashed through the valley. I can feel myself fading. I'm being pulled back to death. My body is somewhere underneath me, somewhere in the mud, but I can't get to it. I dive in. My strength falters, but I somehow tunnel through the debris. I can feel my heartbeat now. I can feel the dirt inside my lungs and I almost cough, but my vision blurs. I can see the entire pile of mud again, then the valley, then the earth, but something slows down. As I frantically dig, I feel something. Weakness, cold, and pain spreads through my body. Even as I start to be pulled into death, my heart starts beating. By the time I start to see the stars I can already feel adrenaline coursing through my veins. The downtrodden man I met in the spirit realm has only a second to smirk at me before I'm whisked into life.