They called me a god, or whatever puny word that had come up with. I was their satan, their savior, their messiah, and their final judge. They gazed up at me fear mixing with absolute awe. My very presence was too much for them to bear. I moved through crowds of my worshipers, yet they didn't know for themselves what power I held in my palms. All I must do is point a finger at them, and jerk it back for the life to leave their worthless husks. They prepared their mightiest heroes, their most powerful weapons, and assembled them against me in a futile attempt to remove me from my immortal throne. I laughed at their insignificance, I was present for the birth of this world, and I will watch it end. One by one my servants turned their arms against me and initiated combat. A man draped in the cloaks of his kills swung some short of stick at me. I whispered in his ear and his body flew past him comrades to shatter against a castle. He fell and did not rise again. Some fool threw a twig at me, it pierced my skin and hung from my chest. I gazed at the thrower who stood amazed at her victory. I simply smiled and jerked the arrow from my heart, not a drop of blood spilled with it. Gods don't bleed. The smile fled her face, and the light went with it. For she had only the time to look down to see her own arrow protruding from her worthless heart. A final man remained. He wore the stones of the earth on his body to protect from normal weapons. A blade would only bend against such armor. He is a fool to believe I need a blade. He rushed forward with an oversized lumber axe in tow, desperate to do what his comrades could not. Fire brewed in my hands and at the back of my throat. He reached a few meters from me and I let flames engulf him. The thing about steel, is that it makes a great oven. When the smoke cleared, all of my enemies had submitted. They did not serve me in life so they would serve me in death. "I am your God!" I shouted to the heavens. "Tom what the hell are you doing?" A feminine voice asked from behind me. I turned to see a familiar face, the name Emily sprung to mind. "Nothing." I answered. "It looks like you're playing Skyrim, on novice. Seriously you can't kill a bandit chief with the flames spell on any other difficulty." "You don't know me, you don't know my life." I muttered. "No but I do know that I asked you to bed an hour ago, only to be woken up by you shouting about your god-dom to the combat equivalent of infants." "They didn't stand a chance." I muttered. "Calm down Alexander the Great, three bandits on novice aren't much of a threat to your kingdom. Now either come to bed or move over to see how a real god slaughters her enemies." Edit: I imagined all of this going down with everyone speaking in British accents.