The war between kingdoms had taken it's toll. Villages had run out of sons, and soon after, daughters when the raiding parties struck. The Kingdom of Vayle was losing..... everyone there knew it. It was only a matter of time before they were rounded up into the slave-trade of Faira, for most. Johan was one of the unlucky ones- His village had been right on the border of the disputed zone, and one of the first to fall. He was only twelve years old when he was sold into the mines. The work was hard..... far too hard for a child. The rations were scarce too, but other slaves took pity on the children, and snuck them food off their own plates. In return, the children would often perform little favours for them- carrying secret messages through the mines, smuggling small items around. Johan was caught many times, but every time refused to give up the truth. They beat him, and locked him in heavy manacles but still he stayed silent. One day, a new batch of slaves came in. Johan quickly formed a bond with one of them- an old man who went by the name of Garett. He'd been a preacher before his capture, and knew much about the old ways. Johan made a good number of trades with Garett- HE would help the old man with his labour so that he wouldn't be punished for his frailty, and in return Garett taught him about the secret prayers of Ishta, the bandaged one. These secrets came in handy on more than one occasion- his devout prayers worked miracles, knitting flesh and bone together as if nothing ever happened. Johan and Garett helped heal a good number of slaves who got into accidents. Johan was eighteen years old before he saw daylight again. The war never ended- Vayle came close to total annihilation when they turned the tables on their attackers, through bloody and forbidden sorcery. They awoke their dead in the millions, and turned them on the invading armies, awaking the soldiers that fell as they went. They reclaimed the border territories with their abominations, including the mines where Johan had been taken. There was a bloody battle that day- The undead weren't smart enough to tell Slave from soldier, and the soldiers weren't too fussy where they swung their swords either. In all the chaos, Johan got separated from Garrett. He ran through the tunnels, trying to find his friend. He turned, near the entrance to the mine, and watch in horror as Garrett was struck down by the undead. One of their captors had been using him as a human shield.... Johan was numb..... lost in rage. He grabbed a pick-axe from an unawakened corpse and swung, hard. He shattered the living corpse into dust, and then turned on the coward who abused his friend. He was still swinging when the necromancers came to survey the battlefield. All the soldiers who lived were executed, and re-awoken. The remaining slaves were told they may go free, back to their homes. Johan left, taking Garrett's corpse with him. He refused to let him be desecrated by those monsters. He dug a grave for him, and marked it with a seed. On his knees, he prayed for the courage, the will, the strength to carry on. He swore to earth that he would not walk one day in disgrace, that he would do only that which would make Garrett proud. He would carry on his good work- spreading the truth of Ishta, and stopping suffering wherever he found it.