I feel a great deal of guilt as I pen this story, but I need to make a record of what I have done. The ills of religion have plagued me since childhood and I often yearned for a world where religion was diluted so much that it no longer had the power it once did. What I did was illegal. I knew that by being on the research team for time manipulation that I had a duty not to abuse the great power entrusted to me. We were only supposed to observe and record, to watch historical events and correct the history books, but I couldn't resist the opportunity to set things right in other ways. In my own time I worked out the mathematical formulae I needed to get back to the times where the books found their inception. I had to go back and alter various texts that would eventually come together to form the Bible and the Quran. It was painstaking work and I relied heavily on the work of my peers; encouraging them to look into certain events and see when and where certain texts appeared, when they were copied and when they started to grow corrupt. The work ironically took most of my life and by the time I eventually stepped into the portal to distribute my carefully re-written works across various timelines in the correct order, I was an old woman. The distribution of the works across the senquential times only took me a few hours and I activated the return sequence for my own time. Isolated from the effects of paradox by the device I wore, I would be the only one who remembered the original timeline. I returned to my time - 2018 - and appeared in the same research lab. But there was no time portal. The facility, I learned, was now a R D center for cellphone technology. Elated, I explored the world with my remaining years, learning how far my work had changed the world. Now, on my deathbed I pen this note, so that the world will know that it was I, Lauren Isabelle Wurts, who managed to turn the Warlord Jesus Christ into an altruistic, peaceful, gentle healer and prevented the Christian Empire from waging fifteen hundred years of crusades and causing over six billion deaths.