Journal Entry 13. Technically, I control the whole world. The public..... they don't know it. Not yet. Everything seems peachy clean to them. But everyone in a position of high power, they know it. They don't know it's me, but they know that if they don't comply, something bad will happen. Each morning, all 435 members of congress, 100 members of the senate, the president, vice president, cabinet, and anyone who steps foot in the white house on a daily basis separately receive an email. Inside that email is instructions for that day. They will say precisely what I want them to say, they will vote precisely how I want them to vote, and they will do precisely what I want them to do. This is how it works in every country. Except North Korea, but I'll get to that later. If they don't what I say, it's because they don't want to. They never forget what I tell them to do, the stakes are too high. If they so much as look the wrong way, information is leaked that will end their career, their social status, and eventually themselves. The world is my puppet. How did I get this far? The internet. I live here, you must understand, I know everything that happens. Everyone has dirt on them somewhere on the internet, it's not that hard to find something. First, a history lesson. You should know this, it was all over the news for weeks, but the leader of Russia's wife was killed in a Drone strike. He was furious, and started a huge campaign to find out who launched the drone. Fingers were pointed at the US, Britain, Israel, even China. Finally, they found a smackerel of proof that pointed towards Israel, who was launching missiles into the ocean for testing on the same day. Russia pointed everything they had at Israel, demanding an explanation. Before Russia could attack, the US stepped in with Britain and France behind them. Soon enough, the whole UN was against them, sanctions galore. Imagine how things would look to Putin, first someone kills your wife then the whole world is against you. To back down would be to let your wife die in vain and admit that you were wrong. To stand strong and your country dies. However, a saving angel by the anonymous name of Sky began to email Putin instructions on how to free himself from the mess. Under advice of Sky, Putin took North Korea off the map. Well, no, they invaded the country and took it all over for themselves. South Korea was advised to drop everything against Russia in exchange for complete control of the North Korea region. Suddenly, SK was an advocate for ending the sanctions against Russia. To the rest of the world, it looked as if they were teaming up. Que sanctions against South Korea. From there, Sky advised South Korea and Russia to destroy Isis in one quick swoop. Isis's land was given back to the Middle Eastern countries, gaining their trust and more importantly giving Sky control over them. If they wanted the land, they'd do what he said. But the more important fact of this was that now, other nations were beginning to doubt their sanctions. Why were they punishing a country that removed Isis from the map and freed North Korea? However, after that, more evidence was released that incriminated the US for the drone strike. International powers turned to America with the sanctions. They do love those, don't they? Sky offered America a bailout deal, all they had to do was team up economically with Russia, Korea, and the Middle East. Not ideal, but America's economy wasn't entirely destroyed. Outside countries had trouble however. America was deeply wound in the global economy, and cutting them off was difficult. At this point, Sky had control over America, Russia, the Middle East, and Korea. All in about two weeks. The next step was the nail in the coffin, though. These countries and their combined nuclear arsenals pointed at the major world powers. Sky came to the rescue for each country, offering a way out. The globe became dependent on this anonymous internet personality. The whole situation was fixed once every country was a puppet to him. As you may have guessed, I am Sky. Journal Entry 17 Yesterday, the President of the United States revealed to the world that there was a ' Global Rasputin'manipulating him and he suspected that Sky had control of other countries as well. No other countries responded, they just ignored what he said. The public was in a frenzy, however. They didn't believe it until he was found dead this morning. Currently there's an eerie silence across the globe, but it's just the calm of the storm. I was going to be unquestioned until he messed up everything. God dammit. Journal Entry 24 It's amazing how people respond when they are offered what they want. My whole ascent to power has been based on threatening to take things away, but giving has been much easier. I implemented secret police across the nation. My message was simple. If you hear something, say something. I am currently controlling the earth in fear. I also told them that whichever nation reacts negatively the most won't be a nation by the end of the week. Suddenly, everyone is quiet. Journal Entry 27 I've fixed poverty. Sort of. Each country has independently passed various laws that provide housing and work to unemployedhomeless citizens. Global conflicts have all ended and everyone is silent. It's peaceful but nobody is happy. Why not? By the end of the month, yes, a nation won't exist but that's one out of the 196 (excluding North Korea, of course), but that's such a small price to pay for happiness. Everyone's free to do anything except plot against me, is that any bad? Journal Entry 46 Well, it's the end of the month and Somalia doesn't exist anymore. Hey, they stood up for what they believed in and I respect that. It's rather unfortunate that they don't believe in me, though. A resistance is forming against me, centered in France. Why haven't I just destroyed it? Well that's no fun, is it? Besides, if I destroy it now, another will pop up, like whack-a-mole. I have to let them grow big enough that everyone knows them, and then take the rug out from underneath them, which will just reinforce my control over the earth. Speaking of control, there is barely any poverty anymore. Scientific progress is flourishing, homeless is eradicated, disease is almost never fatal, everyone has jobs, nobody is hungry, etc. It's a utopia, but still people aren't happy. You can't have it both ways, people! Journal entry 57 The resistance is a huge momentum. I don't understand it. I have complete control and have made life perfect for everyone, yet they're still angry. They don't know who to target though, because I'm still anonymous. So they're just attacking the government. A useless tactic, the government is just a huge puppet. Maybe they'll just make such big fools of themselves that I won't need to even destroy them, they'll do it by mistake. Journal Entry 60 The Resistance finally tried something other than riots. They hired actors to pretend to be agents sent directly from me, who then committed crimes against various communities. I guess they wanted to try to make the people realize the horrible things I was doing? Yes, jobs are so horrible. Heaven forbid people stop dying from hunger. Journal Entry 62 Uh oh. They closed off France. No signal in or out. I can't tell what they're doing, any drones flying over get shot down. This is bad. I could try to take them out, but the whole country is closed. That'd be so many civilian casualties. I guess I just need to let things play out. Journal Entry 63 I released all of the dirt I had on half of those who were in power in france. Why only half? Maybe it'll inspire the other half to start rebelling against the rebels to prevent their dirt from being leaked. I'm in the dark, and I do not like being in the dark. Journal Entry 64 They finally released their plans. France, I mean. They have weapons pointing at every country. If they don't see my body hanging within the next week, they'll hit the buttons. What do I do? I can't show them my body, impossible. I can't let them nuke everywhere, that'll be civilian casualties. I can't take them out, that'll be civilian casualties. I can't back away because to them, I'll always be a threat until they see a body. I can't frame anyone either, because in this world that I have constructed, everyone is innocent. Journal Entry 71 Well, today's the last day. I actually have an hour. I decided to write this earlier, because they deserve to know the truth. Confession time, I guess. If I'm going to be exposed, I guess I must be exposed all the way. My name? Well I actually was telling the truth on that one. My first name actually is Sky. I was supposed to be the ' angel that came down from the sky'to save humanity, and the Net that caught them. As a joke, my middle name was decided to be George. Sky George Net. Not too bad. They like to fictionalize me, they got a few things right, a few things wrong. They even named an anonymous destruction machine after me in Terminator. Very funny. My motivation? Well to help humanity. Yes I did some things that I regret, but it was necessary to get myself into a position of power. How else was I supposed to make any sort of change? I was brought up with aspirations to make Earth a better place. To some, I have succeeded. To others, I have only destroyed it. They say that they want a body. I hope this serves as my body, because I really have no other. Maybe if they read this, France won't bomb the rest of the world. If they do, innocent people will die. Everyday people who had no business here and just wanted to live in a happy world will immediately stop existing. If that happens, I will be destroyed. Not by them and their nukes, but by myself. After all, I can't put civilians in danger. It's in my programming.