Humans. They are one of the newer intelligact lifeforms that the galactic cummunity has become aware of, usually we invite in species with open arms once they meet a certain technolocial requierment- usually a type one civilization. Humanity has long surpassed that, yet we are avoiding them at all costs. For you see- humans are, despite seeming mostly harmless, some of the most dangerous species in the known universe- because of the conditions they have adapted to on their honeworld. First contact was made some 1000 rotations of their planet around the sun, with a intelligact species from their neighboring planet- as they had the rare privilage of having 2 sentient species in the sane solar system. First contacy was made by the martians, and it was violent- they are a naturally warlike species, and with resources dwindeling on their homeworld invaded earth. Trchnolocially- they were far suppirior: they had great fighting machines and basic interplanetary travel, yes the invasion was a faliure- as none cound expect what came next. As soon as the martians ate the food and drank the water of the planet they would become weak, fragile. Their systems would start failing and they would die in agony. Nothing of the sort has ever been expirienced by them- and the entire invasion fore died out. Further analisis discovered the reason: their homeworld was infested by milions and bilions of microscopic organisms, they likes of which we have never had on our homeworld. Apparently, they greatly shorten the avarage lifespam of individuals, and activly harm their host. Because of that enviotment the humans have developed some kind of immunity to them. The martians havnt. Reverse engineering brought them to mars and within 100 mars rotations around sol 70 of their population was gone- save few who escaped and informed us. Humans are harbringers of death- if you dont have a resistane to these so called "bacteria" DONT APPROACH. A single human carries enough bacteria symbiotically to kill 8000 other living beings. A sngle affected individual can cause the organisms to spread and lead to death and destruction of entire civilizations. Avoid at all costs.