The Pull engines began to wind down, and Phlan felt slightly nauseous as the pull of natural gravity began to tug on him. After years of travelling, they had finally decelerated enough to be on the home stretch of their journey. The bridge was dark, as it always was after a Pull jump, and Phlan could hardly contain his excitement as he waited for the reactor to build up enough charge to restart non-vital systems, and the view screens that would tell them their journey would be worth it. "I bet it's almost completely filled with silicon. Silicon and Iron." Yane said, peering over his dead navigation screen. "The scanner said it had oceans. Oceans mean sand, right? Sand and silicon? And the other planet kinda looked reddish, so iron should be abundant here, right?" Phlan sighed, "Yeah, but that doesn't mean the atmosphere isn't made up completely of Carbon Monoxide. We'll find out once we reboot." "Yeah..... You're right. But that would be great. Think of all the things we could make without having to refurbish everything. A whole planet that we could build with..." Phlan nodded. He couldn't argue with the fact that having to do daily scrap runs to the reactor was getting tedious, especially after Flim accidentally hit the vent button on the launch bay that was being used as temporary storage while the bay was getting cleaned during the calibration stop. A loss that the entire colony still felt raw from, even after sending Flim to a similar demise. A wave of nausea rushed through Phlan again, and he wondered if he still felt he was too harsh on the poor janitor, before a beeping noise reminded him that the artificial gravity had just been started. "The screens! The screens are coming up!" Exclaimed Yane, who would have jumped out of his seat, had he not still been buckled in for the jump in. "I see...... Dust. Craters. More dust. Oh, god, it looks nothing like the scans! There's nothing there! Where's the water? The rocks? The sand!? There's not even an atmosphere! Is there nothing left!?" "Shut up, moron. You're looking at the moon." "Oh." Phlan tapped his video screen, and as he did, the walls of the bridge flickered, bringing up a complete view of the space around them. Directly to the front was the bright side of the pale, gray moon, still and foreboding. The pull jump was supposed to land them between the sun and the planet, which it did very well. The problem was, nobody knew where the moon would be, so the programmers plotted a spot that would be just outside the moons estimated orbit. Phlan thanked this rare sense of foresight. Dropping out of a jump pull in the middle of a moon was not what he had planned on doing today. "We're going to have to wait. Reactor is still on cooldown. Thrusters will be down until we can check the system integrity." Yane let out a long sigh, followed by a sharp inhale. "You mean, we traveled faster, and farther, than anyone else, ever, testing new technology in a brand new class of ship, with the collective minds of the best command has to offer working behind it, landing precisely outside the gravity well at the perfect altitude, and we have to wait on the most important discovery of all time, because some pencil pusher doesn't want his office to get a little too hot?" Phlan looked over to Yane. "Breath. And yes, because,'a little too hot' is actually more like'hotter than the surface of a dwarf star'. I don't know about you, but I'd rather not be known as this centuries'that guy. "Hrmph. Fine." - "All systems go!" Yane said with a squeal. "Thrusters are active and responsive!" "Good. Put us in a prograde orbit around the moon. I wan na be able to get out if it turns out the planets actually a volcanite. I don't wan na get hit by a rogue magma spray," Phlan said to the giddy navigator, "We'll do a quick orbit to see what we got." "On it." A final pang of nausea hit him as the thrusters came online, forcing the entire ship to lurch softly. Slowly at first, the moon began to turn beneath them, but as the engines pushed the craft faster, Phlan caught himself holding his breath, staring at the horizon of the gray moon falling below them. Phlan felt a bit of nostalgia, as he remembered his first trip around their own moon. A trip that had began his entire career as a pilot, a captain, and ultimately, here. "Be ready to make history. It has been an honor to work with you." Yane nodded, croaking out a dry, simple, "Sir." The bridge was forbiddingly silent as the first hints of a blue crescent shone beyond the moon. The silence only lasted a moment, before the communication terminal's radio erupted in noise as it began to pick up a cacophony of signals, voices, and static. The noise caused both Phlan and Yane to jump. Radio waves. Life. Intelligent life! Phlan was about to call out for a programmer to start isolating signals for interpretation, when he found himself speechless. The view screen in front of him showed him a vast ocean, amazingly blue. Within it, a large island, tanned with sand, and a thin band of gray surrounding the coast. Phlan had to remind himself to breath before he spoke, ever so softly. "Is that..." Yane croaked, "Oh..God..." "So..... it is?" "Uh..." "Yane!" Phlan shouted. "Would you like to tell me, why, after being stuck on a ship with you, for 23 years, and 15 lightyears, am I looking at fucking Australia!?"