Hypermos tech support, how may I help you? Yes, hello? I'm having trouble brain-talking to my grandson. I'd be glad to assist you with that, what seems to be the trouble? Well..... I don't know how. You're brain-talking right now, so you're definitely doing something right! I am? I thought this was dream-talking? Are you asleep at the moment? At my age it's kinda hard to tell. Your brainwaves are currently reading as awake, have you modified them recently? I don't think so? Would I remember if you had? If you had integrated a legal brain modification, you would be aware of its activity Just hold up there, I don't think I like what you're implying. I'm not a wirehead like those damn street-slobs! Then it is unlikely you have modified your mind. As such, you are likely awake, and we are partaking in brain-talking. How did you contact us today? I did what it said on the box, I focused on the pattern until I saw all those flashing lights- Those are the'tone signal' Right, the tongue signal, then I yelled as loud as I could that I needed tech support. For future reference, you need only think of your need for technical assistance. Spoken words are not necessary. Yeah, I know, my neighbors told me while I was on hold. Pretty loud about it themselves, for people who wanted quiet. Have you attempted to replicate this when contacting your grandson? What, yelling? I mean..... okay, I can yell really loud if that will work. No, have you attempted to concentrate on his Focusing Sigil until you attained a mindstate compatible with the tone signal? ..... yes? Where is your grandson's Focusing Sigil now? Well that's the problem, I don't know. I know he gave it to me. Well, I mean, he told me he gave it to me but he didn't hand anything over. He just said that it'd be in my hide-moss planet store, whatever that meant. Your Hypermos Planestore is the'box' you were referring to earlier. Where is it? Floating in the middle of the room, like usual. I mean, your signal is right on there but I don't see any others. You likely have the Planestore tuned to an introductory focus; try to turn it to'contacts' I've already walked around the box, it's the same thing on all its sides. It is programmed to always face you, you need to actually turn it to see a different facet. Okay, my hands just go right through the thing. Why didn't you tell me it wasn't real? It is as real as I am. Like all other aspects of the Planestore, you must concentrate to- As real as you..... dammit! Am I talking to a robot? I'll have to ask you to cease using such pejorative language. I am! Dammit, when I bought this box, the salesperson told me, he told me that I could get help from someone just as real as he was. ..... Dammit! He was a robot too!? I thought you were supposed to wear those badges so us regular humans like me can tell! Sir, please concentrate on..... No! It's bad enough you're taking our sales jobs and marrying our grandsons, now I can't even talk to another human being over the phone! Is this your grandson's sigil? Yes, there it is. Was that that hard? Geez. I have good news and bad news. Well you fixed it, so I'm not really interested in- The good news is that I have tuned your Planestore to your contacts, so that it will be easy for you to make outgoing communications in the future. Right, but- The bad news is that I believe you wished to contact your grandson in order to schedule a dinner with him? A dinner that he has been attempting to make for some time, in order to introduce you to his fiancai? How did you know that? Your grandson's fiancai works in a call center for Hypermos Wait, are you saying- It is a pleasure to meet you, future grandfather-in-law