The Recktonian race had ignored every single term in our treaty about the war carried and suffered by our youngsters. Their psychometry and technopathy were used against our starships and our nests, The One Queen was captured in her own lair short after those Recktonians showed off their recently acquired mind control and memory manipulation capabilities. The situation was tragic, our entire civilization was threatened by first time in thousands of cycles. The responsible: a inferior race, a psychic civilization who was able to hide their main capabilities from the senses of The Council. Nothing in them was looking extraordinary at the start, nothing was special about what we saw on them, our advanced technology, our empathy skills and our precognition abilities used for uncountable time to keep a complete peaceful status in every one of the civilizations we raised was more than enough to take care of their mind manipulation skills. Or at least that's what we thought. We gave them the knowledge to the mass duplication, we taught them the molecular control and we instructed them in the education of the Big Thinker. But we couldn't imagining anything about their technopathy abilities, it was just impossible to imagine. How could be it developed in a natural way? In the moment they took control over our Nests we were already lost. We, the oldest civilization in this galaxy were absolutely controlled by a minor psychic civilization. The Council took the decision after the news of The One Queen being captured, her existence was too much valuable, her unmeasurable knowledge could not be put in risk, and her unique reality warping skills were too powerful to be investigated by the Recktonians. The council took the decision. Even if everyone on it was absolutely terrified with the idea. In the solar system 2356-35 a little blue planet, which showed signs of intelligent life, something terrible happened. A kind of rip in the natural evolution of the intelligent races. In that planet, somehow one basic animal species mainly based in physical abilities was able to stop the psychic evolution of another superior specie who was developing their oceans by totally extinguishing them. And becoming then by first time in the history galaxy the only physical race developing a kind of intelligent civilization. After establish contact with them with every single precaution possible, we decided to keep them secretly in quarantine so they could not contact or interact with anyone else forever. Their mind were too basics to be manipulated, and they rejected totally our instructions, they were interested only in our FTL technology. There was something unique in their basic evolution, they were totally different than us, they have an innate instinct and strong wish to increase their numbers and invade other places it was written in their DNA. Of course we stopped the interaction with them, and we made sure that they never were able to reach the technology needed to leave their solar system. Until now. After all our own civilization was in danger. Right now in the control room in our last hideout, in this last nest, I and the other members of The Council are witnessing the imminent end of this war: various starships filled with 400.000 humans, absolutely immune to any kind psychic manipulation will land in the main station of the Recktonians in the next semi-cycles. Our guilty and our shame is unmeasurable. Very soon, the universe, starting by the Recktonians will experience by first time the most atrocious, awful and horrid form of interaction. Humans denominated it as: Physical Violence. Edit: typo (since english is not my main language please feel free to help me to fix my spelling and grammar)