Jack ran through the city streets chasing his victim. She had long flowing locks that bounced with each step, as she ran her heel slipped into a drainage grate and snapped sending her sprawling across the cobblestone ally. She snapped her head around to look at the man who had been chasing her and she screamed out, "Please help." Jack caught up to her, "Ma'am are you alright? Let me give you a hand." "Wait why are you chasing me?" The woman asked as she swiveled her head looking for any sign of rescue. "No, this is just my route home. I run through here every day." "Jack, you're the villain of this piece." Jack looked at the woman who was already looking back at him, "Did you hear that?" There was a loud drumming that sounded like thunder in the distance when god spoke down to them again, "Jack, slit her throat." "Why would I do that?" Jack asked the booming voice from above. The woman struggled to get to her feet, "Uh, who are you and why are you telling him, Jack is it?" Jack nodded and she continued, " ..... to stab me?" The booming voice continued, "Well it seemed a bit much for him to disembowel you while you were alive. I thought the readers would lose interest." Jack helped the woman to her feet and brushed some of debris from her coat, "Look, I'm not killing anyone." "Jack reached out and wrapped his hands around the woman's slender neck." "No Jack didn't," Jack insisted. The woman looked at him and said, "Do you think it's slender? I've been skipping the gym lately and I feel like I've gained a few pounds." "Oh, please you look amazing, hey whats your name?" Jack asked. The voice sighed, "She doesn't have a name she's victim number one." "Beverly." "Oh for fucks sake, now I have to give her a back story? Just slit her throat and we can move on with our lives. This entire exchange should have been done by now." The drumming got louder. "Jack completely ignored the voice in the sky and turned to the beautiful Beverly and asked, Would you like to go on out and grab some lunch? I know a nice little place close by and it happens to be next to a shoe store. My treat," Jack replied. "Beverly took his arm and said that she would love to, he was a dashing stranger." "You can't give your own narrative, it's just ridiculous. If you insist on this, Beverly is going to end up with the Clap and Jack is going to be impotent." "Jacks oral skills have always been above average," Jack exclaimed and waved a hand in the air. Beverly held her middle finger high over her head and said, "Beverly is as pure as the driven snow down there, and don't you forget it." "Fuck both of you guys, I'm sick of writing this schlock. You both suck."