I held her pale, wrinkly hand as she slipped into the eternal slumber. She looked so peaceful. Peace that I could only wish to achieve. "I'll be waiting for you," she had said while I looked into her eyes. "I'll see you on the other side" I hoped, wishing with all my heart. I never wanted any of this to be this way. Immortality, was the curse bestowed upon me this very day, to what seemed centuries ago. At the time I felt the luckiest person alive. Now I just feel an old soul thrown in a young body, unable to get out. They look at me as this weird 19 year old guy, always spending time in old age homes, never talking to his actual peers. But what can I do. These places, and the people in here the only ones who see and understand this world the way I do. Angsty rebellious teenagers just aren't my cup of tea anymore. The people who do understand me though, are too shackled in depression. And when you spend a lot of time with them, this depression unwantingly sticks to you too. It's a vicious cycle. This looming sadness repels me further from a blissful world, and I keep coming back to the old age homes, further sinking into this addicting sadness. But for me it's different. For the mortals they have friends to share the sorrow with, family they get to meet every once in a while. Grief can only grip them to a limit, before the sweet death ends it all. To me, it just keeps building up, with no one to share it with, who would actually understand. Love is not something I wanted to fall into, but gravity has always been quite a bitch. And for a while, I actually felt alive. The moon and the stars shone in her eyes. When she smiled the whole universe lit up, and all I wanted to do was to hold her in my arms. Kiss her soft lips, and tell her how magnificently beautiful she was every morning. We wanted to grow old together, start a family, raise our cute children. Alas, Immortality was a curse. It dawned to me too late. And now she was gone too. And it was the final straw. All that looming depression I had for years came torrenting back, flooding me with tears. No one to understand me, love me, make me feel alive. What is the point of this world. I never age, but I think I'm still capable of a suicide. "I'm coming, Amelia, maybe we can now finally grow old together. There's only a limit to which this earthly curse can follow me" I put the revolver against my temple. Eyes shut. My heart yearning for just one thing. Love, the weapon can even kill immortals. BANG