"Go. I'll hold them off." I could feel my life ebbing away from me around the hastily applied bandage. Daniel hesitated a moment, the shrieking of the alien horde drawing closer. "Go damnit!" I yelled at him. He nodded sadly and sprinted away. I sat up slowly and trained my rifle on the shattered entrance to the biosphere. My rifles ammo counter displayed a disheartening thirty rounds. My radio crackled abruptly. "You're doing a service for your planet son." My CO's tense voice was all I could hear as blackness crept in. I patted the tactical nuke next to me affectionately, the timer ticking down quietly. The first alien drone rounded the corner and I put him down with one shot. Then another. And another. The bodies quickly piled up. I grinned cockily and spat blood on the cold steel. The timer counted down, 3..2..... an alien approached me as I weakly pulled the trigger on an empty magazine. The timer hits one right as everything goes black. - Surprise, anger, fear, and sadness all passed through my head as my eyes opened again. "Where the hell am I?" I was in my combat skin again, totally fine. I checked my suit pressure, ammo status, jump pack fuel, all green. "WELCOME BROTHER!" A massive voice boomed. A giant of a man in viking armor, wielding a hammer approached me. The whole scene was so surreal, I stood slack jawed as this man approached. The landscape was a mass of corpses, fortifications, and discarded weapons. "WELCOME TO THE BATTLE MY FRIEND!" His voice was even louder up close. A warrior painted like one of the ancient Celt tribesman jumped on his back, shrieking and jabbing with a spear. The viking casually swatted him off with a hand and killed him with a swift blow of the hammer. "I AM THOR! JOIN ME IN BATTLE" His voice seemed like the earth itself was speaking. I felt a fierce joy I hadn't felt in life since I was a boy playing at being a soldier. I sprinted after the giant, firing indiscriminately into a writhing mass of enemies. Faces from throughout history joined us as we sprinted joyously from kill to kill. I bashed in a Knight Templar's skull and ducked a swing from another viking. His brains splattered the face plate of my combat skin. I looked for my savior and spotted a Russian man crouched behind an ancient sniper rifle, a grin on his weather worn face. A roman centurion fended off a flurry of blows from a Spanish conquistador and nodded at me gratefully when I blew off the Spaniard's leg. I saw some of my comrades who died in previous years, I saw a man in a sweater vest inexplicably standing on top of a mountain of corpses. I saw a group of British Redcoats trying to organize, an island of calm in the chaos. The Russian stepped onto a sandbag berm next to me. The centurion stepped up onto the other side. "Vasily Zaytsev." The Russian grunted. "Matt Shepard." I replied. "Enough talk." The centurion said. Thor leaped out ahead of us, screaming incoherently. We grinned wolfishly at each other and followed him Eternity for warriors is chaotic and bloody and wonderful. The last battle of all time is being fought. We await you on the other side.