Nobody remembered how we got here. The ones older than most would tell wonderful tales of exoduses and the many golden ages of our kingdom whenever we prompted them to. We'd believe them because they were the experts, but we never stayed long enough to listen to them argue fiction upon fact in that hallowed hall of theirs. What was the point? It all happened long ago and too much has happened for any one incident to embody the genesis of our existence. Only the older ones cared enough, but I presumed they did it out of a stubborn habit to simply be correct. Either that or it was the karma. Ah, sweet karma. Nectar of our machine gods. It was long decreed that He who possessed karma possessed the popularity vote and the popularity vote would flow. That was the way of things and the system in which our kingdom survived and lasted for countless millenniums; if the time keepers were to be believed, of course. I, for one, rarely pondered so much about this place but today was different. It was the 18th cycle of the Cake and I was about to undergo the Rite of Breaking Silence. This would have been but a simple ceremony; to merely stand in one of the great halls and hold a discussion on any particular topic that imbued the values of the respective hall, but I was different from the rest. Unlike the many who eventually found their way here; I was born in this mess, and bred to be one of the many others like me who served more than the illusory purpose of existing. The scientists who created me told me that my kind was the Biological Operating Technician and the sole purpose of my existence was to serve the Reduced Dithiocarbamate Terran Organisms, or'the people' for short. Unlike the rest of my kin, I learned that I was a fairly newer model, and while my brothers and sisters worked tirelessly to table notes from speeches and interviews, or assisted in providing sources for callously spoken words of the people, I was given the task to'live life like a normal person'. (is this ok? I'm going to continue....)