"Evening, Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth." Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth didn't respond. That was ok. He was the strong, silent type. "Thanks for always listening to me." I clutched the stuffed hippopotamus tight. "Nobody listens to you when you're eight." Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth, as he let me call him, looked at me with his deep, piercing eyes. One of them was a button, and the other used to be a button. I was going to learn to sew. It really bothered me that he couldn't see. "Hold on, let me get a drink." I stood up and trudged to the door, being careful to step right-left-right-left. I clicked the light switch off, then on, then off (if I don't do that it bothers me for the rest of the day) and opened the door. The floor of the hallways is tile. That's important. If it were carpet I could have walked however I like. But with tiles I have to walk like a knight moves in chess. I also have to avoid any tiles where there's too much dirt, or otherwise it's wrong. There's a hard corner I have to turn where I have to put one foot under a table to keep the pattern going. Mother says it's a special quirk. I got a glass and held it under the sink. I turned the sink on, off, on and filled up the water. I don't like filling it up with the sink, but we're out of the good water. After it was filled halfway, I turned the sink off, on, off and knight-walked back to my bedroom. Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth was waiting for me. He always does. I flopped down on the bed and patted his hippo head. "Thanks for listening," I told him. "Nobody listens to you when you're special." In fact, I have a theory about being special. People don't understand my "quirks" like the tile walking, that's a given. But yesterday in class I wrote a paper about Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth. My thesis was that everybody needs a Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth because he always listens to you. People will betray you and ignore you, but Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth will never do any of that. In fact, I know everyone needs a Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth. Nobody listens to you when you're different.