A knock awoke me from the dream. That dream. The same damn dream I've been having every day since I got out of prison. I parted a red sea of beer cans as I made my way to the door of my small apartment. I opened the door expecting the landlord to be on my ass about overdue payments. "Hi Frank." I stood at the door, smile broadening, emotions soaring. "Hey sis! Oh my god, I haven't seen you in, what has it been 30 years "Not not Frank, we need to talk..... can I come in?" I was surprised. Something about my sisters expression sent shivers down my spine. The joyful, blithe, and successful sister who took care of me after our parents were convicted on drug charges was no more. "Yea, sure." She stepped in, closed the door and glanced around at my wasteland of an apartment. I expected her to crack a joke, or rebuke me with her motherly charm but instead, she looked up, and stared straight into my eyes. "I was the one who killed her." For a second, I could hear each rain drop hit my window, the neighbors fucking to Marvin Gaye, kids laughing as they past my room, blood boiling. My voice rose "What the fuck are you talking about?!" "Janice." Suddenly I had a flashback to that night. I was awaken by a deafening shriek. A shriek that felt like daggers through my brain. A shriek that, although I didn't know it at the time, was going to obliterate everything I had known and worked for. The shriek was from my wife who, as I sprinted down the steps from the second floor, was already dead by the time I saw her lying in a pool of blood in the kitchen. "You..... killed her? I don't understand "Look Frank, I don't have much time, I talk you listen." I leaned against the counter and stared blankly at the ground. "I called your home at around 4 am that night, I knew you were a heavy sleeper so I predicted Janice would pick up the phone before you did. I told her you were having an affair." I looked up in udder shock. She continued, "I ordered her to walk downstairs, unlock the front door, and wait for me so we could talk. I predicted she would do all of this with discretion. I arrived in around 5 minutes and walked in to your kitchen counter. Then, I took out a knife and stabbed her repeatedly," she said with a smirk. "I don't believe what I'm heari "Then I staged everything to look like you had an extensive alcohol problem, screamed like a scared little girl, then left." She took out a cigarette and lit it. I didn't know what to do. I was petrified. Should I lash out and choke her? Make her pay for all the prison time, all the indignation, the poverty, the isolation? What if she was lying? Wait why would she even lie Before I could do anything, she came over to my ear, and said, "sorry little brother," and kissed me on the forehead. Now there was only one option. I raised my fist and..... And woke up. I looked around at the cramped prison cell around me, listening to the chorus of snoring cell mates. Looks like it was just another dream.