I didn't know this is where I would end up. I didn't ask for this. It all started with one stupid mistake that got me here. About a year ago, I was out with some friends at a bar. We didn't have a designated driver. I was the one that was supposed to drive us, but we all agreed that I would just go a bit easy, then take us home. We were a group of college frat boys, of course there wasn't going to be "going a bit easy" for me around alcohol. So we drank and drank, shots of this and glasses of that, until we were so drunk we couldn't even think anymore. Somehow we managed to agree that it was time for me to drive us back to our dorm. What happened next never occurred to any of us. It was quick. Blackness and no noise, then waking up and finding blood everywhere. That's all I remember. I was told to step out of the car by someone I didn't recognize and take a Breathalyzer. When he saw the result he muttered "Good god..." to himself. I finally figured out what was going on. Then he told me. I was arrested on the spot and put into jail for a few days. I was sentenced to 16 months in jail for manslaughter. I had managed to kill a mother and her 3 kids on the side of the road walking home from a store. All dead. Because of me. Though I didn't remember anything I did, or really anything that happened that night, I still felt the worse anyone could feel. I had taken the lives of 4 innocent people just because I wanted to get fucked up. When I was in prison, I killed myself by hanging myself with my bed sheets. I couldn't take the guilt anymore. I never believed in an afterlife, but yet here I am. For my terrible actions, I have landed myself in the lake of fire. Hell. When I arrived I was booked in, they took my name and told me why I was here and what my eternal pain was going to be like. After I was told all that, I was just ready to leave the damn place. After all, who would take being in hell lightly? Before I left, I was told: "Wait. You're not allowed to leave yet. We have to show you something. Follow me." I followed this being out of one room, through a hallway, and into another room which had double doors. Before I could even ask what this was, the being said "Firstly, you must watch every moment that led you here for an hour. You are not to leave until it is done and you have watched everything and reflected on your actions. You are to do this on a regular basis. When you're ready, please enter those doors." I knew what was coming. I stood around pacing for a few minutes and just decided "Fuck it" and went it. I pushed the doors open and sat right at the front of the theater. The reel was loaded onto a projector and I saw the picture flicker on. People don't realize that yes, every little thing is considered. I saw myself when I was just 9 years old stealing comic books and candy from the store that I lived just down the street from. This won't get most people sent to hell alone, but it still counted I suppose. It went on to some kids I bullied in school and the times I lied to my parents about where I was. "Sheesh" I thought. "They're really on my ass about everything." But I was just trying to lighten up the situation since I had knew it was coming. Soon enough, there it was. I saw an outside shot of the house I was drinking at that night. I saw a couple of idiots (me included) stumble out and into my car. I of course was in the passenger's seat. It cut to an inside view of my car. My friends and I were hollering and hooting about how much fun we had that night, and for the many more good times to come. Then, there was another shot of the outside of my car. Swerving and almsot hitting other cars. It cut to black, then there was a mother and her 3 young children, grocery bags in hand, walking down the street. "I can't wait to go home and SLEEP mama!" said one of the children. "Well, we'll be home soon, darling" said the mother, as they all walked on having short conversations. Then suddenly there were ferocious lights around the corner and noises of danger. Idiots were yelling and tires were screeching. Before I even knew it, my car had slammed into the mother and her children. I figured it was over by then as it had cut to black, but moments later another pictured flickered on. One of her kids was still alive. And she was still alive for a long time. She cried out noises of pain and misery, begging for her mom to respond and take the pain away or make everything better. She yelled out how much her arm hurt, or that she couldn't move her legs and was bleeding everywhere. She shrieked and wailed for about 4-5 minutes, then seemed to had passed out from the blood loss. The shot stayed by her limp corpse, and I could see myself taking the breathalyzer in the background. The reel ended here and I had sat there for ten minutes, trying to gather myself, but just crying. I hated myself. I knew the amount of pain and torture that was sure to come to me in physical form, but this mental form was already enough. What I did already had eaten at me to the point of suicide. But seeing the actual effect, had more dire mental consequences that can not be escaped by any means. I gathered myself and walked out of the theater, but before I left, I hear a voice behind me say: "See you tomorrow."