Hi. I hate you. I hate the way you made me feel. I hate the way you've dug into my brain. I hate everything about you. I thought I got over you two years ago. It was the strangest thing, I was walking alone down a bridge in Venice, and I realized, I didn't miss you. I missed loving you. And I thought that was that. Needless to say, I was wrong. When we ran into each other after I came back from studying abroad, and you were with Mr. "Save You From Yourself" Superman Jones, I thought I would be fine. Instead, I remembered all those times you cheated on me while we were together and I secretly wished you were cheating on him too. Fuck that guy. And fuck you too. Seriously. Yes, I know, getting into a relationship with you was my decision, and at the time, I thought it would work out. I got sucked into the allure of "love will prevail." Well, now I know. It fucking doesn't. Love doesn't prevail, and anyone who says so is a dirty fucking liar. Mostly you. "Ohhh, I don't care that you're poor. I don't need fancy things." Then why did you want to follow your "foodie" heart and eat at these places you know I couldn't afford? I work minimum wage. Minimum fucking wage. And you know what? I've been poor my whole life. So I would have really, really liked to save some money for a change. But no, I blew several paychecks on you, and you decided to break up with me for what? Because I was being nice? Because I was putting some honest to god effort into our relationship and you were being too much of a pissy bitch to notice or care? Oh, by the way. Thanks for returning the effort. Like, I really appreciated the way you called me when I was visiting my sister so you could bitch (SURPRISE, SURPRISE) for three hours about that chick who you honestly had no business having beef with. Oh my God, she's smart and pretty and she's dating your former best guy friend, who you no longer talk to, because what the fuck is wrong with you, woman? When you talk about her you really make me appreciate how much of a jealous cunt you are. And you wonder why my friends hate you? Actually, NEWS FLASH. They didn't hate you. Because for whatever reason, your crazy only pops out when we're alone. It's amazing. Everyone else pretty much thought you were normal. Hell, I even thought you were normal. What a young and misguided youth I was. That's probably why I thought it was a good idea to try again. I loved you. I loved the way you made me feel. I loved the way you dug into my brain. I loved everything about you. Even through all of that crazy shit you put me through, I loved you. I remember when we first met, at some random karaoke bar through mutual friends and we were joking about stupid shit and how we were totally meant to be together and how somehow it finally fucking happened and you dragged me through the mud for nearly a year. I remembered all that and I thought it was worth it. So I let you back in. I trusted you because I thought we could put it past us, because I genuinely fucking believed you when you said you changed. You spoon fed me straight bullshit out of a playbook of cliches and I swallowed it because I wanted so much to go back to that time when we had just begun dating where I asked you if you loved me and all you did was look me straight in the eyes and kiss me gently on the lips. And that didn't fucking happen. This time it wasn't Superman Jones, it was motherfucking Batman Johnson. Swooping out of the night to be your knight. All I wanted was to get settled and get a job before taking you back in, because, you know, you're a high maintenance gold digger. Now I feel like I dodged a bullet. So yeah. Thanks a lot, bitch. I hope you're happy and you choke on his dick and die.