"Your fear of my species is based on ignorance." Angry shouting, bellows, shrieks, and many other manners of agitated vocalizations erupted from the outer walls of the chamber. One of the ambassadors attempted to throw a shoe at the Homo Sapien dignitary and was quickly hauled away from his balcony. Ambassador Milweather casually shifted his head as it careened past. He looked up at the Council balcony, ignoring the outbursts of the lesser races. Milweather honestly couldn't give a damn less what most of these backwater species thought of humanity. In the grand scheme of things, if push came to shove, the Sol system's full naval force could probably dwarf the combined forces of at least half of the overall races present in the chamber, and that was only considering the naval force of the Sol system alone. Some race of cow-faced manure farmers from some ugly little planet nobody could pronounce the name of believing that Humans were the living embodiment of one of their ancient deities of Death and Debauchery was of little consequence. The only ones that mattered sat right there in front of him, and the three of them remained stoic and stone-faced, including the Ji'dradi Ambassador, who literally appeared to be made of living cobble. The Ji'dradi ambassador waved one large, club-like hand at a bailiff, who then raised an object that looked somewhat like a large tuning fork which put out a sound that reminded Milweather of nails on a chalkboard. Apparently, this noise was universally detested by all races. It wasn't simply ear-piercing, but went deeper, screeching throughout Milweather's chest cavity, allowing even species that lacked ears to feel a sense of discomfort as it went on. The chamber became quiet save for the reverberating screech from the bailiff's tuning fork, and the ambassador lowered his hand again. With eyes resembling hot coals, the great stone man regarded Ambassador Milweather, and then in a deep, rumbling baritone, he said simply, "Explain yourself. " Milweather allowed himself a playful little smile, and threw his arms wide to the chamber surrounding him. "You," he began, "all of you see us as..... monsters. " He gave a quick glance across the vast wall of balconies housing dignitaries from hundreds of other species. "Yes? I'm right, aren't I?" Snorts, murmurs, soft cooing and more filled the chamber as many nodded their heads in agreement. "Why is that?" Asked Milweather. "Is it because we..... can eat meat? Because our bodies are built to allow us to subsist off the flesh of other species?" "YOU ARE DISGUSTING HERETICAL BEASTS! " Shouted one dignitary, who was quickly silenced by a muting shield shooting up in front of his balcony, though others around him made sounds of agreement. "Ahh, but therein lies the flaw with your views." Said Milweather, focusing his attention back on the High Council. "My operating word is can; we can eat meat. We can also eat plant-based material, such as fruit and vegetables. We are omnivores, not carnivores." The Konluss Ambassador; a short, squat creature somewhat resembling a snail with arms, spoke up, "The fact that you choose to eat meat makes it all the more unsettling." The Konluss, despite their diminutive size and appearance, were one of the oldest and most well-respected races in the galaxy. Their strike forces were feared in ground-combat due to their shells being made of the same mineral composition of raw diamond, and in spite of their snail-like appearance, the agile Konluss move more like serpents. It was no wonder that they had been one of the first races to join among the High Council. "Ambassador, allow me to ask you something." Milweather said, turning his attention to the Konluss dignitary. "Your people are very well respected among the other races as being both tough and well-organized." The ambassador shifted his pudgy body and seemed to sit up a bit taller, "That we are." "I have heard your people attribute your success to your devout worship of your Gods?" "Yes, that is correct," the ambassador answered, "a true Konluss'i offers their life to our Lords, and their bodies to our collective." He twirled one of his small, whisker-like appendages thoughtfully, "A strong, singular belief is a strong basis for a well-organized government." "I would certainly agree," Milweather said with a smile, "these practices and beliefs have shaped your society and culture for near-countless generations." "If I may interject? " One of the others raised a cloven hand, "You stated you had something you wished to ask Ambassador St'roik." This was the Ambassador for the Imsith, a race of what Milweather could only describe as "deer people." Save for the fact they were bipedal, and their muzzles were closer to their faces, the Imsith merely resembled deer or elk. "Yes, I was getting to that." Milweather said coolly, not letting his annoyance show. "Ambassador St'roik," he turned to the Konluss once more, "once every lunar cycle on your home planet, your people celebrate a religious holiday called..... Mogg'ruh, am I pronouncing that right?" "Yes, that is correct," gurgled the snail. "Would you mind filling me in a bit more on the festivities of this holiday?" Milweather couldn't be sure, but he thought he could see a glint of elation in the slimy orbs at the end of the ambassador's eye-stalks. "Absolutely. On Mogg'ruh, my people celebrate a full day of equal parts jubilation and prayer to our Gods for allowing the Konluss'i another glorious year of progress and prosperity." The Ambassador beamed, and then quickly added, "It's a tradition that's been around as long as our recorded history." "I see..." Said Milweather, leaning back a bit on his heels, a small smile on his face. "Ambassador, the name Mogg'ruh translates loosely to'Day of Purity' in the Galactic Universal Dialect." Milweather had to contain himself from chuckling as he saw the Konluss deflate like a balloon. He knew where this was going. "Now, I'm sure I am not the only one here today who was not aware of the meaning behind such a name." Milweather continued, and began to slowly pace across his platform. "Initially, the'Day of Purity' was a celebration of purifying the gene pool, by violently butchering the lowest members of your caste system in the streets." "That..." The ambassador managed, "That was a very long time ago." "Oh, how very long ago would that be?" Milweather's eyes squinted and he scratched his chin, displaying a look of confusion. "According to my most recent reports, many of your colonies-including your Capital System where your home planet resides-still holds ritualistic sacrifices during Mogg'ruh of the weak or the infirm. Of course, nothing like the mass slaughter that it used to be, but..... well, even if the children are the bastards of politicians, or the women might be promiscuous, I'm not sure I agree with burning them alive while you pray for a brighter future for your people." The sounds of disgust and anger that were scattered among the many races made it hard for the Human Ambassador not to laugh. The Konluss, meanwhile, looked as if he wished to crawl into his shell. "You besmirch the name of my people, sir!" He protested, his whiskers twisting rapidly in agitation. "Not at all," said Milweather, putting on a face of total innocence, "I am simply stating what I've heard. My point being that while some of your kind may take part in actions that others may find deplorable, it isn't as though it directly effects them, nor does their disdain mean you must change what, for your people, was an important part of shaping their entire culture. If I had met you, and immediately told you that Mogg'ruh must never be celebrated again "Nonsense! Mogg'ruh is who we are! It is an important part of all Konluss'i, and those sacrificed are offered to the Gods to ensure the rest of us will continue to survive and thrive!" "Survive..... " Mused Milweather, "That's a good choice of words..... survive and thrive. " He began pacing again, and turned his attention to the Imsith Ambassador; Tonriss Travels Snowy Valleys. The Imsith had such strange names. "Ambassador Tonriss," he began, and the Imsith Ambassador's back straightened. "I will have you know right now, " she warned, "I will not stand for you painting my people's beliefs in a negative light. " contd.