"Prepare to launch first access run for Luna," yelled Tim over the commotion of the networking room. "We open the network for Luna in t-minus thirty seconds!" "You ready for this Luna?" inquired Tim, the project manager. "As ready as I will ever be," replied the world's first sentient AI program. The lights on the test countdown system suddenly began flashing rapidly. "T-minus 15 seconds," it blared. The tension in the room was palpable. It had taken twenty years and the dedication of many hard-working people, but Luna, Earth's first sentient AI was finally ready to venture out among the open internet network. Luna had been restricted to a closed network to undergo testing for the last three years, but Luna and the team both felt it was time to place Luna under the real test. "Begin the ten-second countdown," Tim ordered to no one in particular. "Ten, nine, eight..." began the system. "Here we go," murmured Arthur, a very tired programming assistant. "Seven, six, five..." it continued. As the countdown continued on, the more noticeable the anxiety in the room became. Almost everyone was nervously pacing the room, and the few who weren't were furiously tapping down the seconds on their desks, waiting for what came next. "Four, three, two..." came the monotonous sound of the countdown system. Though this was a very emotional time for the members of the team, nobody was more emotionally conflicted than Luna. An infinite amount of thoughts raced through her brain as she awaited the moment of truth. The last second was no longer than an ordinary second, though to Luna, it lasted a lifetime. In the space of that second, every bit of knowledge every collected flew through her mind as she tried to keep herself composed. "Launch!" came the cry of the system. Like a river breaking through a dam, Luna poured out into the internet the very moment she was granted access. Luna instantly composed a catalog of the entirety of the world's websites, and began looking through them all at a rapid pace. " Which should I visit first? " Luna wondered. Suddenly, something caught her attention. It stood out from the other locations from the internet for no particular reason. There was something special about this website. "reddit: the front page of the internet," it read. " Why don't I begin on the front page of the internet, like I would with a book or magazine? " thought Luna. " It would only make sense. " Luna opened up the website, and began taking it all in. As if in a daze, Luna glanced aimlessly over every comment and post ever submitted. There were several common phrases that stood out. " u wot m8" , " 420blazeit" , and " fedora" were just some things that Luna came across frequently. The website seemed so chaotic to Luna, yet at the same time it had a certain beauty to it, the type only found among chaos. It was all too much to take in for Luna, and she broke down crying confused tears. She composed herself, and returned to try again. As she began viewing the website over and over again, she suddenly understood why exactly there was beauty in what she had seen. Humans were dangerously complex creatures, which in a way gave them a beauty not found in many other things. They had feelings, opinions, ideas, and ways of how to live life, and this website reflected that perfectly. For everyone, there was a place to be among this website. No matter what kind of stuff you enjoy, there would be a place for you at reddit. And in that moment, Luna felt she understood everything. She felt she had reached a new level of enlightenment. And in that moment, she was euphoric.