I've got to hurry and right this, I think the 7th is on his way now, I can feel his influence..... But I've just got ta make sure of one thing; no one ever gets ahold of that stupid bottle. If it's got ta end, it should end with me. It all started like any other day. Dead-end job, no family, pretty average life. I honestly probably could have had a girl in my life, but I've just never gotten up and tried finding someone. God do I regret that now. What I wouldn't give to go back and just..... But anyway, I was taking the bus to my office downtown, when some nutjob tried stealing my wallet. Can you believe that? Of all people, MY wallet? It must have taken me a day before I realized that's not what his goal was. It was just a distraction, that evil genius. Anyway, the bus stopped as I got my wallet back, so I gathered up my suitcase, and rushed into my office (I didn't want to deal with anymore people). How I went the entire work day without noticing the bottle, I'll never know. It was on my way back, when I reached into my pocket to pull out a bus token, when I felt it. A simple glass bottle. It seemed full of a smoky liquid, and kind of felt, idk, ominous (It felt straight evil if I'm to be honest, but I didn't care that much). I put it back in my pocket, and fiddled with it all the way home. Even with the bad feelings it gave out, it still felt powerful. And I liked that. Here's where I fucked up. I could have simply through it away, looked up what it was the internet. But no. I opened it. A Genie. A fucking Genie. Some thing comes out of the bottle, made of smoke. It simply says in deep voice, "What is your wish my Lord." I laughed. It was something out of a movie. And it just looked at me, in what I can only describe as annoyed. "Okay, what show am I on?" No response. "How in the hell did someone create this thing...?" No response. "Fine, I wish for a million dollars." Fuck up. Real big fuck up. "Done." "What?" "In your bank account. Next wish, my Lord?" I checked, of course, and sure enough, it was ringing up on the website. 1,000,000 more than there was this morning. "Fine, I wish for lobster." Never had it before, figured, what could be the problem trying it out? REAL big fuck up. He laughed. I wasn't sure at the time, but now I am. "What? It's not like a million dollars is gon na go as quick as my three wishes." "It's not that. In fact, wish as much as you want, my Lord. It's just, usually people stay in one..... area when they wish. To expand so soon.... I like it." The lobster was good. What came after, well, not so good. The immediate week after I was given the bottle was what you'd expect it to be. I got money, women, you name it. I made wishes I" m not proud of, and even now won't repeat, just because I could. And then I noticed them. I was walking through the Mall of America when it first happened (You know how there is nothing on TV when you have 1000's of channels? It's kinda like that when you can do anything; there's nothing to do. SO, I figured why not go the mall?). He had a white suit. Gold chains. It was obvious he wasn't human, and yet no one cared. He was buying everything in sight. But when he saw me, and I saw him, we met eyes. And he laughed. I don't know why, but I yelled, and ran. I found myself back home. I wrote it off, a daydream I thought was real or something. But he wasn't the only one. I woke to a man in my kitchen, eating everything in sight, that night. I asked the Genie. He told me they were the reaction of the universe. I tampered. They came for me. I didn't realize what they were until the next one; a woman, who I didn't even see, as men and woman alike were huddled around her. The Sins. The sad part? Normally only one or two sins torture a person for their wishes. I had activated all seven. Only way to beat them? Hand the Genie and its curse to someone else and start over. Get rid of everything. I couldn't do that to someone else. I couldn't rid myself of what I have. I had to finish this. I had to keep what I've finally gained. I can hear Pride coming. He takes his time. I'll set here, with my things. They'll have to take them away when I die. But I'll die with the bottle. EDIT: Phrasing and Typo's.