Not a murder but I tried In my younger years I lived a life of extravagance, I was regularly out at sea, wind and salty water splashing at me, I have to admit that when the salt dried it used to get between all my crooks and crannies and itch a bit but being out at sea was wonderful, such freedom and glee at being taken out by the man that found me in the a little shop. I'm so grateful for that. I stopped getting used as much after a while, I remember a woman doing lots of strange things with the man on the boat that I was on, she came on it occasionally and then I stopped getting used hardly at all. My next point of use was for a very small person, I don't know where they came from but the man cut me in half and attached me to a plank of wood, god that was painful, I always wonder whether my other half is like a worm and is now It's own. Anyway, I got used for this purpose for a while, I can't say I enjoyed it much, I never got put away and I eventually started to ache and begin to break at the bottom. I felt ancient and eventually my bottom half broke away, letting the small person fall to the ground. Little sod, serves him right for treating me this way. I was then retired to a dark place where there was a big metal machine that made lots of noise that the man and woman got into, I spent a while here, it didn't bother me after the existence I'd lived with that small person. It was quiet, dark and all my tired joints weren't being stretched further causing me more pain. My one concern was that I'd never get used again. Alas, that day came. The woman came and retrieved me from my space, I was brought into their house and down some steps into the basement, there was another man there.... I'd never seen him before, he was all bare skinned apart from a rubber thing in his mouth, I was attached to him and a chair. I couldn't think what my purpose was, why would she want to tie this strange man to a chair with me? There were lots of strange noises and afterwards she hit him with me aswell. I didn't particularly like this. I was again, put back to my original place and several times I was again used for this purpose. How strange, I wander where the first man that used me was. And here ends my story. The first man, my favourite man came to retrieve me, he tied me from a wooden beam on the ceiling and put a knot a the bottom, ahhh, I love being tied in a good knot, feel like I'm back to good use again, he put his head through it and jumped off a chair. What on earth was he doing? He struggled for a bit before hanging still. The woman came in a while after and she did lots of screaming, a little like the strange man I'd been attached to. Strange, it's normally the one tied up that does that I thought? There were lots of flashing lights and then I was put in a bag and I haven't moved from this place since, I don't really like it much, It's quite warm and I don't see anything interesting anymore. I wish I was back at sea.