The door panel of the spacecraft shifted open. Luke sighed loudly. The nose of the aircraft had sunk deep into the marshy lake, and with the mist around him he could barely identify his surroundings. "Are you able to pick anything up, R2?" The beeps that followed confirmed his initial suspicions. "Thought not," he mumbled. He pressed a few buttons on the control panel, and a small gangway extended from underneath the plane towards the solid ground. He lifted himself out of the cabin, took his backpack from behind the seat and swung it over his shoulder. "You stay here, I should be back soon." Luke carefully stepped on the narrow, rigid metal. He knew Dagobah was a swamp system, and while he knew not much lived here, he felt something wasn't just quite right. The thick pool of water underneath him felt like it stirred, as if something loomed from the water. Small shadows surfaced in the water, but nothing disrupted the seeming calm of it. Small bubbles exploded rhythmically, and the smell of sulfur filled the air around him. With held breath Luke made his way to the other side of the gangway. He found himself at the edge of one of the larger pools in his surrounding, but nowhere he saw or heard of any sign of life other than the unconcerned breathing of the pool. And yet..... Luke felt as something approached him. It was something unearthly, something that wasn't here before. It was something eternal, something existential, something far more powerful than he had come here to meet. Dread. Forgetting the terrible smell, Luke inhaled deeply, and immediately choked on the thick air. Coughing into the arm that now covered the bottom part of his face he walked away from the sense that crawled around him. The feeling of anger, hate, suffering, failure and fear disturbed him to his core. Every step he set in the other direction it felt as the air grew thinner, and the smell subsided. After a few minutes he felt enough at ease to slide down a tree and rest on the damp moss, still panting from the choke hold he had just escaped from. "Tired, we are?" a voice sounded above him. Luke stood upright before he processed what happened. His heart had skipped a beat, but his instinctive Jedi training took over seamlessly. His gaze shot up, scanning the thick leaves of the trees all around him, but he couldn't identify where the sound had come from. A few moments passed, and Luke absently wiped the sweat off his forehead. "Find me any longer, you can not," he heard, now coming from the opposite direction. Luke reached for the light saber that was attached to his belt, and rested his hand on it. "Because found you, I already have." A small green creature suddenly jumped out of the treeline. The landing was smooth, the waving of the dark robes concealing any sound that the landing could have made. "I wasn't trying to Luke started, but stopped as the realization set in. "Find you? Does that mean you're Master Yoda?" Luke closed some of the distance he had created between the two of them. "Then you must know who I am! I was sent here by "Sent, yes, I know. By who." The creature stared at him intensely. "To teach. The Jedi way. The way of the Force. Hmm....yes." Yoda nodded. "Yes, I know." Luke had so many questions, but as he stared at the small green goblin, he knew not to speak. He had heard many stories of the great Jedi Knight Yoda, one of the last Jedi Masters of the galaxy. He would show patience. "Ask you a question, I will," Yoda spoke. His dark eyes studied Luke as he shuffled around, his cane firmly grasped in his left hand. "Strongest, what is? Hmm?" Luke glanced at the creature, and then focused on the question. He knew this was a question that had more meaning to it than would appear, and he let it sink into his consciousness for a few minutes. The strongest what? Power? The universe itself? But he realized that he was speaking to a Jedi, and with that he associated only one unquestionable power. "The Force." "Ahh, the Force. Yes. Many things it is. Powerful? Yes..... Undoubtedly. Influence many things it has. A question: Walk with you, the force does, Skywalker?" Patience had never been one of his strengths. He planned on contemplating the question longer, but a "Yes" had already slipped out of his mouth. As he rested his arms on the sides of his body he looked at Yoda. Yoda stared back. "Hmm. Yes, he says. Yes, or no. Both would be wrong." Yoda approached him, the cane rhythmically ticking on the mushy moss as it came down with a soft blow. "Tell me, Skywalker. The force is with you, you say? The strength of the Light side, yes? And the Dark side, too? Hmm?" Luke shook his head. "No..... no, of course not. I'm not a Sith." Yoda stopped only a foot away from him, and looked upwards. "Hmm, no, of course not. A Sith, you're not." He poked Luke's shin with his cane. "When you stepped out of your plane, dread surrounded you. Fear. What did you do? Walked away from it, you did." Yoda squeezed his eyes nearly shut as he stared at Luke, who stared back, anxiously waiting for what the Yedi Master would say. "Learn from the Dark side, you must."