First Entry: 51615 Well, today's surprise went well. Zoey didn't expect the gift I planned for her birthday, although I didn't think it would be that big of a deal. It was a nice Craigslist score, but nothing over-the-top. She told me a while ago how much she used to love playing Mario Cart with her old school buddy, Sean. I know that was a while ago, and she misses him a ton, but I thought she would love to replay the game on a bigger T.V after all these years. I didn't think she would connect the gift with the memories of his last days, but she did. Now this wasn't necessarily a bad thing but she started to cry, a lot. She said she hadn't felt that distraught over the idea of Sean since the day of his " accident ." She remembered hearing the news but couldn't quite believe it. Auto-erotic asphyxiation is what they told her. But she didn't understand. Sean was 1 year 7 months 13 days 2 hours and 37 seconds older than her, but she didn't know that. Changes, they told her. Sean was in 11th grade and she was in 9th, but they'd known each other for much longer. So when they described what exactly what happen she could only piece together the explanation with a faint picture of her friend, swinging from the ceiling, surly regretting wearing new Adidas socks to step on the wood chair his parents brought from Ikea 4 months earlier. How am I supposed to know she would remember all the details?! Well, not all the details, but most. I don't know how I knew, but she didn't get the story quite right. When she was telling me I couldn't help but think she was telling me the partial truth, or at least the truth according to her. She said they were playing the game the night before, but I knew it was 2 nights before. She said he would always outscore her, and that was mostly true, but she beat his score twice the week before he died, but she didn't know he let her. It was strange, like having deja vu during a movie that just came out. Weird. She was only able to tell me part of the story before she ended up putting on the kind of smile you greet your mother-in-law with. Anyways, I hope the gift didn't make her too sad, I still want us to have a good time on the cruise. I should start packing.