"You! Yes, you! Give me a story!" they demanded. "A story?" I asked. "Yes! A story!" "But I'm just a run-of-the-mill servant, All Might One. How could I possibly entertain you of all beings? I can barely entertain Writing Prompts redditors..." "Aye! But we the creator, in granting your lot with free will, have lost our ability to live inside your minds. We are curious. We are intrigued. What kind of mighty legends can one such as yourself muster? You are a storyteller, are you not? A wielder of tales? Try one on me!" "Very well..... "Once upon a time there was a mighty God. Their ability to conjure up great sums of creational energy pushed them to create an infinite universe. Within this universe, they exploded hundreds of burning lights, the fire of which lit up the void and sprouted countless masses of independent, living matter. This matter condensed and hardened into an infinite count of planets, moons, and meteors, each new creation wondrous and infinitely special in its own way. "What the God did not expect, was for some of these planets to produce life. And so the cycle of life began, producing cells, aquatic beings, large lizards, stupid bipedal beasts, and other distant creatures some of us will never encounter. All of this amused the God, but also terrified them, for it meant that what he had produced in jest would have to become a serious undertaking. "So they observed from a far, as the dominant beasts of countless unconnected worlds populated their dominions with countless constructions of their own making. Some were impressive, others downright frightened the God. And so they made their first attempt at dismantling creation. "This, however, failed, as creators are never truly able to destroy what they produce. So is the unwritten law of the universe. Therefore, they watched as centuries unfolded, hoping for a time when creation, as it is, would not be so stupid and blundersome. "And though they hoped, this wish seemed impossible, for the beings insisted on demolishing their world, piece by piece, fellow creature by fellow creature. In the end the God grew bored and wandered their universe alone, only interacting when the fancy most suited them." My narrative done, I stood perfectly still. Hoping against hope that the God would not be offended. After a long pause, the God responded: "Hmm..... yes..... I guess that was a horrible story..." "I did warn you! Maybe the next creature you meet will have a better one?" I offered, encouragingly. "I doubt it..." they grumbled, walkingfloatingor cloud swimming away as only Gods can.