That putrid smell is back, Jamie's nostrils began to flare in protest, a slight gag and then another. Last night's dinner would have been next if there had been a dinner. Eight months in prison and not a minute longer is what he promised his then fiancee Mary, today will make 26. Three weeks after the verdict she wrote a letter stating " She can't stand by a murderer " Jamie gritted his teeth the memory still raw. The faucet above began to drip again, the mixture of moisture and humidity left vast amounts of mold. Jamie has been lying still for 3 days waiting, watching and hoping for an opportunity to escape. The mold has started to eat away at his shirt and the faucets constant drip has left him in a disgusting mixture of water, dirt, and concrete. The sun has finally set any moment now he must run for his life, run for his freedom. One...Two...Murderer she called him, she knew he was not a murderer it was an accident it could have happened to anyone. The thought paralyzed him for a moment. I can't let this consume me Jamie thought I have to go now. Jamie leapt up from the moldy crawlspace and began to dart across the pitch in the cover of darkness. He began to pick up speed it seemed like the path was cleared for him, no obstacles, no guards, not even a spotlight this could not have gone any better. He reached the fence; quick as he could he began to climb using mostly leg strength to move up the fence. Jamie reached the barbed wire and he threw his shirt over, this was not ideal but it would have to do, there was no going back. Careful to keep his stomach off the wire, he positioned himself on the top bar of the fence and leapt. Jamie hit the ground on his right shoulder, it cracked, no time to feel the pain, he got up and began to run into the woods. The escaped convict ran into the thickly covered wilderness, he ran for what seemed like hours, he could see the sun creeping over the horizon. He needed to sleep, but not for long the guards will surely be after him. Jamie shirtless and lost found a rock to lie under. " Only for one hour " he whispered and then the darkness consumed his mind. Jamie woke with no memory of his dream and slightly confused. He crawled out from under the rock, the sun mercilessly shone down upon his head. It must be at least 1 PM he thought to himself, the pressure was on and he must start moving. He looked east, then west, and then back east " what is that? " he asked out loud. Jamie began to inch towards an object. As he got closer the outline became clearer, it's a keyboard and then a bit closer...no It's a typewriter. The confused onlooker gave it slight kick as if to nudge it to life but alas nothing happened. He reached down and randomly pressed some keys. It still works he thought out loud. The paper in the machine had been blank before Jamie happened across it now the letters " ijhdn " were etched in it. Getting back to his feet Jamie was preparing to continue his run when the typewriter seemed to move. He looked a little closer..... It did move! The paper now read " Hello? " Jamie circled around half expecting to see someone with a video camera, but of course there was no one. Jamie got back down on the forest floor and began to type. " Hello? " The machine began to type one delicate letter at a time " Jamie? " At first to the unsuspecting onlooker this did not register as unusual, but in one instant his brain began to race. He began to think what if the guards are doing this; he searched for wires, flipping the machine over digging in the dirt looking for anything that might show it connected to the outside world. The machine began to type again. " The guards don't even know you are gone. " " Who is this? " Jamie responded. " I don't have a name. " " How do you know me? " " You know me too..... " " When did we meet? " " Well you knew of my existence..... after July 2nd 2013 " July 2nd 2013...the last day of Jamie's formal life, the last day everything was alright. The machine began to type again. " That was the day you took my name from me. " Again Jamie checks the device looking for an antenna or wire. " I have never stolen a name " " You stole my life and with it my name...you murdered me " " It was an accident...it wasn't murder. " " You murdered me! " " You murdered me! " " You stole my name from me! " Jamie now backing away from the machine shaking, his mind is racing and unable to think, unable to comprehend what was happening. He ran but didn't move, he sank into the soil slowly the soil began to rise. He was stuck unable to move, and then the sinking stopped, now eye level with the machine...it began to type again. " Now I will take your name...but first you will read all the life moments you took from me. " Starting from the moment before the murder the typewriter began a minute by minute detail of how life would have turned out.