The children's faces lit up when they finally saw it. The sun danced off its crimson-brown scales, slowly revealing its full frame as it emerged from the darkness. The cave opening was etched into the side of a towering man-made granite wall, which reached all the way to the electrified wire-roof, sealing the pen. A thick layer of enforced glass separated the spectators from the creature. The children in the group pressed their faces up against the glass to try get closer view. Their excitement used to delight Ben, but not anymore. Now he couldn't help but feel for the Attraction. "Her name is Sherin," Ben announced to the spectators. "She's 133 years old." Ben knew Sherin for eleven of her years. However, she had been in the park for more than double that. He remembered the day he was hired as a dragon-keeper. He had no experience, and the education was limited, at best. But even if the education was more thorough, he wouldn't have listened. He was a different person back then: he was just a boy. He was just like these wide-eyed kids who he observed with unfair disdain every day, their sticky candy-coated fingers staining the thick enclosure glass. Just like them, he wasn't aware of this noble creature's realty. It's not their fault. They're only kids - they don't know any better. How could they? He recalled one piece of advice given in training by a senior supervisor: distance yourself. It's the one piece of advice he should've taken seriously. ' Treat this like your regular 9 to 5 '. That's what that bastard said. How could I treat this like a regular job? It's not. These creatures aren't wild turkeys. They're more human than most of my friends for god sake. And they're captives. Plain and simple. They're captives and I'm their gaoler. I try be a friendly and caring gaoler, sure. But my presence exists to control them. " Why isn't it flying mister? " one of the children shouted. " She may be tired, " Ben lied. That answer was always different. I hate lying, but I have to. Not just to save others from the truth, but because deceit in ingrained in this job. I'm not permitted to tell outsiders how she has gradually lost her ability to fly since she's been cooped up in this pen. Not that I would want to explain that. It breaks my heart. And why do I stay? Because she likes me. Don't ask me why. I'm a cog in this damn machine. But I sense her relief when I'm around, and I like being around her. If I leave, who knows who will be put in charge. I no longer trust people, not after what I've seen here. Ben walked closer to the enclosure. He took out rag cloth and glass cleaner and scrubbed the candy residue from the glass. The children were now talking amongst themselves, losing interest in the dragon who was lying still with her face almost covered by her wing. " OK, kids, " Ben said, trying to sound enthusiastic. " It's time to see Barone. The male dragon. " " Is it even bigger? " asked one of the shortest children of the bunch. " A lot bigger, " Ben replied. " And does this one like to fly? " Ben swallowed deeply. " Not today. "