Emperor Noxu of the Nalpure people rubbed his hands together, and pet his furry head with his eight fingered paw. " Among our many grievances since we landed on Earth, " said Emperor Noxu, visibly nervous, " is the many fast food chains we saw on our brief trip to this United Nations building, with meat in their menus. It worries my people back at home. " President Richard of the planet listened to the translation in his earpiece, then nodded. Cameras were flashing left and right. " You need not worry, " said President Richard. " In our history we indeed raised cows, chickens, lambs, a whole host of other animals all for the purposes of harvesting their meat for sustenance. But we now grow all our meats in laboratories all across the globe. " " We still find it odd, " said the Emperor. He adjusted his robe of bark from a tree in the flying forests of Nachtundra, Noxu's home planet. " We don't understand why humans so desire food that reminds them of a murderous past, and it leaves us feeling quite concerned. You see our, " Emperor Noxu swallowed some spit, and wiped his nose, " our meat has a reputation of being quite delicious. " President Richard put his hand out and laughed. He looked quite charming as he did it. " No need to worry Emperor, " President Richard grabbed his stomach. " We won't be eating you and your people, we only want the gold on your planet. And in exchange, " The President hovered his hand over the table. A hologram of a whole host of different plants appeared on the screen. Conifers, palm trees large as great sequoias, oak trees, orchids, tulips, sunflowers with bags of their seeds beside them, carnations, " we'll give you access to every variety of plant our planet has to offer, in abundance. " Emperor Noxu breathed like it was an overwhelming display. He covered his snot dribbling nose, and whispered something to a smaller Nalpure alien beside him. If you looked at them from a distance, they looked a bit like large koala bears, but with red fur and smaller eyes. They both laughed, and smiled with strangely blunt teeth. Emperor Noxu folded his hands on the table, a gesture he'd seen the humans make in previous negotiations. " That uhm ahem, " Emperor Noxu tried to downplay his excitement, " that looks nice, looks nice. But we would also request one additional thing. " " Yes Emperor, " said President Richard, smiling. " Whatever you may like, you want more plants? " " We request," said Emperor Noxu, quite stern, " that you not eat your lab grown meat on a newly designated holiday. Once a year, everybody on Earth must go vegetarian. " President Richard seemed unready to field such a question. He adjusted his suit jacket, and whispered something to his advisor seated beside him. Cameras all around flashed, and reporters murmured. President Richard bit his lip for a moment and scrunched his face. He nodded hard, and set a hand out to his trade partner. " It's a deal, " said President Richard. " once every year, all meat eating will be illegal, even lab grown meat. " Emperor Noxu stood up, and put his paws over the President's hand. They both smiled at the camera. Handsome man makes trade deal with intelligent, red, Koalaesque alien people. Perfect photo-op. Emperor Noxu leaned in towards the President. His breath smelled like salad. " And disobeying this new order on said holiday, " whispered Emperor Noxu, " must be punishable by banishment into a lake of fire. " President Richard only heard weird chirping noises. He listened to his earpiece for the translation, then smiled awkwardly at the Nalpure Emperor. It's a lot of gold, thought the President. I can go vegetarian for a few years, until we get enough of their gold. President Richard smiled like a maniac. Then we can eat these delicious little bastards.