My first lucid dream was in my mid-teens. I was laying on a bed, in a room, with an apparatus above my head. I knew this was a dream machine, and wires ran to my head, connecting me to it..... and the person on the other end. I knew it was a girl, in a room fully mirrored, laying in a bed, with the same wires attached to her. When the machine clicked on, there was a slip. Film noir. Following a man in third person. He's wearing a trench coat and a brimmed hat walking down a foggy sidewalk in some 1930s city. He stops at a bar and orders a drink. As the bartendress is making the drink, I realize that I can make stairs out of her hands. As this starts to happen, confusion on her face, she looks at me instead of the character I'm following. Then I feel like I've been punched in the face. My head bounces off the pillow of my bed and I'm awake, full of adrenaline. That's how the dreams were for years after, just your regular weird dream until I assumed control over it and almost immediately crashed it..... until years later. I was a lone warrior in some medieval setting, wandering the country-side. I journeyed into a rather large city and when I entered the front gate I was dumbfounded..... I had been here before! It was something about the shape of the castle's walls, and I could feel the dream start to crash, I was regaining the sense of my body laying in my bed. I stopped my thoughts as quickly as I could by humming a little tune and sauntered into an inn. The feeling of my body had subsided as I had totally forgotten what it was that I was just thinking. As I stepped through the threshold of the building everything became unusually vibrant. The colors and smells didn't have the same dream-like quality as they had had the moment before. This was surreal. As I stepped down out of the entryway onto the dirt floor of the common area I saw her for the first time. I immediately fell in love with her. Something seemed familiar about her. She had a black ponytail, pearly skin, and her eyes looked like emeralds. She squinted at me in recognition and my heart skipped a beat. Before I could realize what had happened everything between her and I blew away in some magical frenzy. The table she was sitting at split a patron in half before blasting through the wall to my right. Silverware and broken pieces of wood slammed into a few other bystanders, and something blew right through the ceiling. I was still staring into her eyes, as lost as a child when I heard her say, "You..." That's when the pain of the dagger in my neck registered. I awoke as I bounced clear of my mattress, heart about ready to explode. I stayed up all night. I struggled to remember what that place was, who she was..... WHAT she was. I drew blanks on all three. That night, when I finally HAD to go to sleep, I decided I would just run. As soon as I started dreaming, everything was as clear as it had been in the pub. I felt a tap on my shoulder. I turned to look but only saw my own blood leaving my face in a mist in front of an armored fist. I slid down the dirt street of the town briefly before hitting a brick wall and slumped to the ground. I couldn't move, I was searching for my body wondering why I haven't woken up yet. She walked over to me and said, "You must be out cold!" I was still searching for my ticket out of the pain in my face when she said, "I didn't mean in the dream you dumb fuck, MOVE YOURSELF!" She grabbed me by the arm and twirled round with it so hard that it took me a moment to realize I was flying higher than the tree tops..... without my arm, leaving a scattered stream of blood behind me. Then she was there, flying with me, over the city walls, holding me by my breastplate. When we locked eyes all my pain disappeared until she said, "Good luck sleeping." She then flicked her sword, severing my head from my body. Grabbing my head by my hair, she flung it high and far. Everything spun so fast I only knew that she could've thrown me over the mountains with her strength. I awoke in a sweat, this time with sleep paralysis. After a few minutes of panic, I was able to finally flop my arm right into my face. As my eyes teared up from the smack to my nose, I realized how traumatically real my death had felt in that dream. It was worse than any I had experienced before. Two straight days without sleep, I dozed off on the couch when I was just going to "lay down for a minute and that's it." I was in a dream, tending horses at some farm in the country..... I thought to myself, "At least she threw me far enough that I can get some actual sleep before she tracks me down and kills me again." I spent a whole day working on some farm, trying to think about nothing but what I was doing so nothing would pop me out of some much needed sleep. I woke up to my alarm, wanting nothing but to go back to bed. I just worked all day, I'm exhausted. This'll take me another day or two. I should've gone to bed hours ago.