Teranthia had been gifting humans power for over a hundred years. No one knew how the planet granted powers to its denizens, or why the era of gifting began when it did, but it caused a great upheaval when it did. Strangely, only those born after the gifting gained powers. At first, the youngest and first to gain powers we worshiped by some and became leaders and weapons of the various nations of the planet. Every year some of the first generation would gain a power. The first decade brought powers like being able to ignite wood or straw instantly, hearing the thoughts of others nearby as voices, being able to float over the ground. These powers never became stronger, but newer, greater magic users appeared. In the second decade, the first mind controllers appeared. Early ones could only manipulate minds, but by the nineteenth year, some could control two minds fully. It became obvious that later years granted more power to abilities, but new infants who gained power were not nearly as powerful as adults who were gaining their powers at the same time. I was born thirty years after the gifting. When I was born, the true users were gaining power. Powers became more ferocious, and the first multi-gifted started appearing. Those who had just obtained their powers were fast becoming stronger than armies, and one day, the culling began. It started with Arnagath. A normal farmer, born a week after the gifting began. When he was forty, he woke one day and became the most powerful man on Teranthia. He was the first triple-gifted, and he had a perfect set. He could lift buildings with his mind, he could seek out the minds of others, see their thoughts, and drive them mad from hundreds of miles away. Lastly, and most terrifying, he had skin like iron. Flaming arrows had bounced of his body, he had had burning tar dropped on him, only to leave him walking naked out from the tar unscathed, driving hundreds of his assailants insane. He took control of our entire country in a week, first breaking the minds of the entire county's leadership, then breaking the walls of the capital. After this show of force, the citizens of the country melted into submission, fearing this new raw power. Everything was peaceful at this point, until a new power wielder challenged Arnagath. A double-gifted who had gained his power a month after Arnagath, he could read minds and mind control others, and move water with his mind. Although Arnagath could move water, this new gifted controlled much better, and could completely shrug off Arnagath's attempts to control the water or his mind. They battled for three days, but his opponent didn't have skin like Arnagath's, and with both exhausted, the newcomer started to suffer from injuries, until he lost his concentration and Arnagath threw a spike into his opponent's heart, finally killing him. Arnagath rested for a day and a half, and then everything changed. Every single man or woman who hadn't gained their power yet who was twenty or old was mentally broken. Both of my parents, in one night, were taken from me. From then on, every census conducted by Arnagath's servants required the identification of a person's power, or were marked as currently ungifted. Those who turned twenty while ungifted were..... taken to Arnagath's palace. I, Lorenzo Catanata had never been gifted, but I knew what killed my parents when I was twelve. I knew that the earlier I gained a power, the safer I was. So, I fled to the nearest orphanage where no one really knew me. When I was asked, I told them I manifested weak telekinesis when I was 6 months old. When they asked me to show them, I tried and tried and ended up breaking down crying. Once when they tried again to get me to show my power, one of the other children with telekinesis actually moved some marbles for me, satisfying the orphanage mother. I left the orphanage when I was 15, but I had a certificate of my power. By then I had learned a small deceptive trick to make small metal marbles dance in my hand, enough to convince most guards and inspectors that my power was authentic. When I turned thirty, a newly gifted fifty-year old appeared. Arnagath held his own briefly, but this new figure had the power to move faster than a blur, and he could steal youth from others. Those were the only powers we knew of. Those who saw the battle saw this new figure, Victor the lifestealer dash around Arnagath, stealing years at a time by hitting Arnagath. After an hour, Arnagath was a wizened old man who could barely move. He died quickly after the fight. This new gifted lord took Arnagath's census programs and cut the age down to 18. Instead of discretely killing him like we believed Arnagath did, he publicly executed them by draining their entire life. Later, other greater gifted would take control of the kingdom, while I waited. I was becoming an old man, waiting for the day I would wield the power to lift mountains or destroy cities with a mere thought. The day finally came. I was an old man of 70, who had already believed that I would die before my power would appear. When I awoke on my 70th birthday, I felt the power. It was so raw, so great. Too bad I couldn't figure out how to actually use it.