Joe lived a simple life in the woods. He had isolated himself from the outside world for over 30 years; no technology and no other people. He had decided he wanted to live a solitary life without the constant buzzing of cars and other people around him. Joe had a short, scruffy grey beard and ruffled grey hair. He generally looked grumpy and made no effort to look good as appearances didn't matter to him and the non-existent people in his life. Joe stuck to his daily routine: he'd wake up, go to his garden to retrieve some food, eat breakfast, then gather his fishing rod and can of worms to go fishing. When Joe ran out of worms he'd grumble and dig up fresh ones to refill his can before he headed off towards the lake. Joe fished everyday until sundown. When the sun set he'd pack up and bring home what fish he'd caught for dinner. Tonight, as Joe walked back home muttering because he'd caught no fish, he saw a trucks headlights nearing towards his house. Joe dropped the bucket, darted into his house and locked the door. He knelt beside the window and fumbled with his blinds trying to peek through to see who was coming into his territory. He watched with his eyes locked on the truck moving through pitch black at a snails pace. It seemed to take the truck forever to pull up to his house, but Joe felt his heart pumping and adrenaline rushing the whole time, never taking his eyes off the truck. The truck finally stopped directly in front of Joes house, headlights blinding him. He saw the truck door open and tried to make out the figure who was slowly climbing out. Joe decided if the person came up to his door he wouldn't answer, he hadn't interacted with another human for 30 years and simply the presence of somebody near his house sent chills down his spine. Usually grumpy and aloof, Joe now felt wide awake and alert. Joe saw the figure making his way towards his door. It took an eternity for him to reach his porch and Joe was now shaking, holding his breath. A bead of sweat rolled down his armpit. Joe braced himself and waited to hear the strangers knock on his door..... "SCREECH." Joe recognized that as the sound of his old, rusty mailbox being opened. He heard it clatter as it closed and he saw the figure making its way back to its truck at the same slow pace. Joe breathed out and felt all his tension release. "Just a mailman" he thought. His thoughts were still racing. Had he almost encountered another human after 30 years? A human who came to HIS doorstep? Joe didn't want to admit it to himself, but after 30 years of living alone, he felt lonely. Suddenly, he felt a very strong urge to call the mailman making his way back to his truck. Just to hear a voice other than his, or to have a conversation with another human being after forgetting what it's like. With all his courage, he turned the doorknob and opened the door. The mailman had taken his first step down Joe's porch. "Ahmm.... Hey!" Joe managed, unsure of himself. The mailman froze, and didn't move. Joe felt like he had done something wrong. "Uhh..... did I scare ya? I didn't uhh- I didn't mean to scare ya or anythin-." The mail man craned his neck around and Joe immediately froze. Now it was Joe's turn to freeze up. His eyes widened in shock and horror as he saw the ugliest, most terrifying face looking back at him. Even in his porch's faint lighting, Joe could make out the horrendous creature's face, drooling, staring back at him. Joe tried to move but he felt like his feet were glued to the floor. He wanted to say something, but all he made out was choking noises. The creature made its way towards Joe slowly, like his truck. Joe told himself if he stood still the zombie-looking creature would leave him alone. First he heard its raspy breathing, then he felt it on him as it came closer. "Please, don't hurt m- AHHHH, NO PLEA-AGHHHH." Slowly, Joe's voice drowned away to small gagging sounds as he choked on his own blood. On Joe's dimly lit porch, the zombie slowly feasted on him without emotion.