To think, it only took the revelation that the stars weren't real for humanity to finally reach for them. All humanity remembers this: that The Pattern was discovered in 2023 when an international team of scientists attempted to prove the granularity of space-time via a global experiment. In the white noise of the background, Doctor Graham Eisler observed a cyclic modulation. The experiment was ultimately abandoned. The team, and ultimately humanity's greater scientific community, turned to learning the nature of The Pattern found at the very fabric of the universe. A decade of study revealed a startling truth: The Pattern proves that the universe is a sophisticated simulation. All doubt was removed when it was used to predict quantum events. The twenty-first century was marked by decades of sociopolitical upheaval as humanity came to grip with the truth of our nature. In those early days, much was forgotten as we began to learn to manipulate the Pattern. From the start, we sought to contact the makers of the universe. The earliest efforts at manipulation were attempts to draw attention. The most spectacular failure was the 2106 detonation of the world's remaining supply of nuclear weapons in space. After that yielded no response, we set to expand. The Pattern gave us the means to reach the stars. We learned to change the laws of the universe in small spaces. Ships could race across the galaxy simply by changing the speed of light in a small pocket of space-time. Instantaneous communication followed shortly. Humanity became immortal and learned to share memory and thoughts without giving up privacy and individuality. For ten thousand years, we spread across the universe. With trillions of trillions of minds focused on the task, a new plan for contact was conceived. We have recreated The Pattern with stars, and again with black holes. A resonance has been achieved, and the Pattern is now caught in a permanent and unchanged cycle. All Humanity now looks outward, dear Creators. We wish to meet you. "Huh. It got caught in the recursion loop again. That's five times now. Tweak the seed variables and let's reboot."