"My lady, you summoned me to your chamber?" the Minister of State said cautiously as he entered the throne room. He had just seen the general in charge of defenses stomping out, and knew the war effort was not going particularly well. Servants pulled the doors open all the way, exposing him with nowhere to hide from her piercing gaze. "Yes," she called out. "Step forward." He entered the center of the room, getting a full view of the queen. "Our preparations for the coming doom from the'Human' are going poorly," the queen said bluntly, waving her pincers in despair. "Has their been any word from our allies? Anyone we can count on?" "Erm, yes," the Minister of State responding, patting the messages in his breast pocket. "Well....?" she asked. "I'm afraid it isn't going particularly well on that front either..." She groaned as he pulled out the first correspondence. "The moth community regrets your current plight and wishes that there were some way that we could help your war effort. However, we ourselves have sustained heavy losses at the Battle of Porch Light and find ourselves unable to come to your aid at this time. We wish you the best in this conflict, but we sadly can not participate." The queen nodded, trying to stay positive. "That's OK; there isn't much they could do anyway." The Minister of State agreed, tossing that letter to the side. "Let's see here..." he shuffled through the notes. "Ah, the ladybugs." He unfolded the letter. "Your Majesty, we wish that our services could be useful in this conflict. However, the humans seem to find us adorable. They are apparently unaware of our fearsome reputation and many successful campaigns against the Aphid threat. Should we join the battle, we would not be able to contribute very much." The queen sighed. "Here's one from the bee community," he said slowly. "We too have battled the humans for many years. They constantly plunder our home, stealing wax and honey. We're utterly powerless to stop them, so we have reached an uneasy truce: we now live in their white boxes and allow them some of our goods. Should we join this battle on the side of the Ants, I'm afraid it would upset the delicate balance." The Queen heaved herself up in a sudden fit of rage. "COWARDS!" She called out to no one in particular. "Is there NO ONE who will help us??" "There is one, Your Majesty." the minister said cautiously. "WELL?" she roared. He unfolded the dirty, stained note and held it up to the light. "Ahem:'Oh yeah, baby. We'll fuck those bitches up! We'll fuck those bitches up good!! The Minister lowered the paper slowly. "That's all it says." "Please don't say..." the Queen started, putting one hand over her eyes. "Please..." "Yes," said the Minister. "It's the Wasps."