It was a day like any other. I got back from work at 5:30pm. I'd changed into casual clothes by 5:45. To recharge, I cleaned the house before starting dinner at precisely 6:30. The cooking was finished at 7:05. I sat down to eat, expecting to finish at precisely 7:30. Of course, before I actually began my meal, I said a quick prayer. " Thank you Lord, for this bounty. " I raised my head, but just as I lifted my fork, I heard something strange. " Yea, so then I told her... " A voice echoed through my head, but it sounded quite far away. I could barely make out what it was saying " ...Seriously!? That girl be trippin '. " I looked around but there was no one else in the room. Of course there wouldn't be, I lived alone. " Oh-my-boss! There was a call connected this whole time!? " Now I could hear the voice clearly. Strangely, they sounded like an adolescent girl. " I'm, like, so sorry, sir. Could you please repeat your prayer? " " Um...what? " " Like, I'm here to listen to your prayers for the big man. So, tell me your prayer, or whatever. " At this point, I was out of my chair. My breathing quickened. " The big man...you mean god, right? " " I ain't talkin'about Santa Claus. " " Then, he'll hear my prayer!? " " Yep. " " Oh, wow, I have so much to say. First, does he remember that time in seventh grade when I- " " -Ooh, I'm going to have to cut you off there. This sounds like a lot of work and I just can't deal right now. " " What!? " I shouted, looking like a madman in my empty house. " Look, I'll be quick, just take my message. " " Sorry, Tammy's, like, trying to pull me away. It sounds important, sooo... " " Tell her to wait a minute, I said I'll be quick! " " Ah, but I totally forgot about my paperwork. I'm really busy so I got ta'go... " " What paperwork? You work at a call center. " " Look, this is, um, actually just a new marketing scheme by Geico. We can, like, save you 15 or more on car insurance. " " Do you think I'd believe that at this point? " " Um, maybe you have the wrong number... " " THE WRONG NUMBER? HOW THE HELL COULD I POSSIBLY HAVE THE WRONG NUMBER!? " " ...Wow. " An uncomfortable silence followed her statement. " ...Yea, ok guy, that kind of language was totally uncalled for. I'm transferring your call. " " No, wait! " I heard a familiar click and then an ominous ringing filled my head. After a few seconds, that stopped as well. " Hello? " A deep and sinister voice entered my mind. Before, my head had been full of questions. Now, I only had one. How do I hang up?