Johnny had a terrible childhood. Once he told someone that and they guessed at what his childhood was probably like. Johnny wished his childhood had been that nice. The world is dangerous when everyone knows that they gain someone's remaining lifespan if they kill them. That's bad enough on its own. Johnny also had to live in a world where he killed both of his parents. He was eight years old. He didn't want to kill his mom; she never laid a finger on him or said anything rude to him. His dad made him do it. Shortly afterward, Johnny found out why - because Dad wanted Mom's years. Johnny's reaction wasn't to ask questions. His reaction was to kill Dad, too. Johnny disappeared after that. He didn't know what to do with both of his parents laying dead in the house. He grabbed what was important and left, forever. Trying to make it on your own so young in a world that kills the young is almost impossible. Johnny already had plenty to deal with and wasn't doing well. He killed plenty in order to survive. He lost count around age 10, but that's more because he was never trying to keep count and the number had become well more than a few. After seeing one of these killings, another young homeless kid brought him to a group of homeless kids, inviting Johnny to stay with them. They promised a safer place to live, mainly because they were all kids. That group was much safer and Johnny stayed there for several years, into his twenties. Johnny knew they wouldn't let him stay much longer - his age was approaching a level where they would feel threatened - but that was OK because the years had given Johnny time to think and learn. And Johnny had a plan. Johnny came to realized that all this killing, his and everyone's, was bad and harmful. He knew he had to stop. He decided that he'd try to avoid it in a self-defense situation as best he could and that certainly he would no longer seek anyone to kill. Though, it had been a couple years since he'd done that anyway. Trouble was, this didn't seem like enough. Johnny's plan was penance. As he left the group, he was starting a search. Johnny's plan, Johnny's penance, was to find the greatest person and of the highest integrity. Someone who had never killed. Someone who deserved many extra years the most, that would use them to benefit the world. Johnny was going to find this person; find them and make them kill him.