They say dreams are just compositions of things you've seen before, something from a video, a picture you saw in a magazine, people you've passed on the street. This was no different, it could have been any beach cove really. The sand was always warm, never unbearably hot, the water so clear you could see the fish that came forward to meet you. The sand eventually gave way to rocks which you could climb higher and higher till you found greenery. Moss on rocks, grass pushing it's way through and just enough trees to provide a cool shade. They often joked that this was just remote place in Hawaii they saw on a postcard once, but they never claimed to be creative. He sat on the edge of the cliff swinging his feet and eating ribs, the best ribs he's ever had. A big fat raindrop fell on his nose and slid down the bridge onto his lip. It never rained here. He heard the slapping of feet through puddles now collecting on the rocks. " Why is it raining? " he asked aloud. " It more accurately depicts my mood " she said plopping down next to him. She always wore the same thing a pair of shorts and a tie dye bikini, her hair always a cool blue. " Ribs? " he offered. She bit into it and then bit into it again, wiping her mouth on the back of her hand. " So what is causing torrential downpour in paradise? " " Just a general anger. My boss is an ass, college debt is sucking the life out of me and I stubbed my toe on the bed post before I laid down. " She tilted her head back to look up at the gray sky she had created and instead looked up to see the inside of a beach umbrella. " The saltiness was tainting the ribs " he said. " They're exactly the ribs that my uncle used to barbecue, or at least what I remember them to be." She took another bite and stopped the rain. A rainbow appeared and it was better, brighter and more beautiful because of the rain. 8:15 AM Her phone buzzed loudly, she was late. She was always late. She made it out of her apartment just in time to run after the bus. She stopped at the coffee shop, lateness did not permit her to come into the office without coffee, black three sugars. The small closet of a coffee shop her boss commanded she get his coffee was always crowded. She queued up on the line that had reached outside. The good thing about this kinda place was that it wasn't big enough for you to loiter in. Soon enough she was at the counter ordering herself a danish, a regular coffee and spewing her boss's order by heart. She stepped over to the small corner where everyone stood awkwardly awaiting their order. Most had whipped out their phone in effort to avoid the awkwardness of being in a shared space. She was just about to resign to the same when the girl with a ring through her nose called out her name. " Zoe?! Zoe?! " " Here " she said her hand instinctively shooting up behind the crowd. She pushed her way toward the exit her bag now in tow. She stepped back outside, the line of coffee addicts never diminishing. 8:15 AM He woke, he always awoke right before his alarm went off. He showered, brushed his teeth, and fussed with his hair. He went to the kitchen to make himself breakfast but wasn't feeling much like cereal. He decided swiftly to finally try entering that coffee shop next door to him. He bounded down the stairs, locking the door behind him and queued up behind the others struggling through breakfast. It was a quick procession however and soon he was by the door, stepping aside so that someone could squeeze out. Her hair wasn't blue, it was dark and she wasn't wearing shorts and a tie dye bikini but surely it was her. " Your hair isn't blue " he said as she passed him. " What? " she asked. " Your hair... it isn't blue. " " There's a pretty strict dress code. " He sacrificed his spot on line to step closer to the girl from his dreams. " I prefer it blue. "