" My name's Thomas T. Holder and I'm here because a friend of mine, Lee Verrat, said you knew me better than anyone else. " Thomas sniffed. The tight small room he's sitting in stank of alcohol. Did Lee make a mistake when he said that Thomas knew the gruff man sitting in front of him? Thomas shuddered, he didn't have a choice but to believe in Lee. The earliest memories he can remember was the sensation of being dazed and confused when he woke in the sterile environment of the hospital. A nearby nurse tending to a patient on the other side of the room rushed over to him when she noticed he began to moan and twist his body violently. " Relax, honey. Take a deep breath. " " W-where am I? " Beneath her large spectacles, the nurse squinted at Thomas sympathetically and her brows furrowed. " You are in St. Michael's University Hospital. Relax, relax. Don't move. Let me get the doctor for you. " Thomas groaned and the nurse hurriedly left the room. The doctor was fast, before Thomas could try to make sense of the situation, the balding brusque doctor was already sitting in a chair next to his bed with a clipboard. " How do you feel? " " My head hurts, feels like a jackhammer been at it for days. " " I wouldn't be surprised. You were found on the road with a fractured skull, the parietal area to be precise. Not to mention bruises all over the rest of our body. How would you rate the pain on a scale of 1 to 10? " " A goddamn 20. " The doctor tutted and scribbled a note on the edge of the paper. He hesitated and leaned forward. " Do you remember your name? " " I, uh, yes. Wait... " Thomas scrunched his face in utmost concentration and focus. Nothing was coming to him. Absolutely nothing, zilch. He felt a stab of fear. The doctor noticed his patient tensing up, hyperventilating. " Relax, " he gave a nervous chuckle, " I'm sure it will come back to you. For now, take a rest. Doctor's order. " Thomas wasn't even listening. He didn't even pay attention as the doctor quietly slip away. - For days, the doctor came in and out asking more and more questions and Thomas never had an answer for the man. One of nurses said that Thomas looked like one of her deceased uncle, one Thomas T. Holder and the name simply stuck. He didn't mind, he didn't care whatsoever. He just wanted to know the truth and salvation came when Lee Verrat arrived. Lee certainly struck an unusual chord in Thomas as Thomas eyed him. He was a lanky man with a gaunt face with wisps of a mustache, a thin mouth drawn tight. His hands and knuckles were calloused and cracked. But it was his eyes, blue eyes that seemed dead and passive. Lifeless. Lee quietly slithered across the room, placing a large fruit basket on the base of Thomas'bed. " How ya feelin'... Thomas? That's what people callin'you nowadays right? " drawled Lee as he cocked his head to the side, licking his chapped lips, his tongue darting in and out. " Do I know you? " " Of course you do. Name's Lee Verrat. You, me. We go way back. " Thomas eyed him disdainfully. " Right. " " Again. How ya feelin'Ja- Thomas? " " Body? Great. Mind? Absolute shit. I can't remember anything. " Lee frowned and stepped closer to the bed. " How determined are you to find out who you are? " " Anything, I will find the truth and nothing will stop me. " Lee paused and he reached into the back of his slightly saggy jeans and withdrew a card. All it had was a name and an address: Roy G. 10915 Capricorn St. and placed it on top of a green apple in the fruit basket. " Go there when you're ready, " Lee stated and he began to get up and leave. " Why can't you just tell me? " " It's not my position. " And without further ado, Lee got up, dusted his pants and left the room. - Two months later, sitting in a dark office at the outskirt of town. Here he was, sitting before Roy G. himself. The man was intimidating, his very presence filled the room and beneath his wide brimmed hat he saw an eye that only held contempt for Thomas. " My name's Thomas Holder and I'm here because a friend of mine, Lee Verrat, said you knew me. " " Your name's not Thomas. It's James Adam, " the man's gravelly voice rumbled out. " James... Adam? James Adam. What can you tell about me? " Roy lit a cigarette and wrapped his lips around it and exhaled. " Low-class thug. You worked for me in a gang. " " What? " Roy grinned. " Yea, you heard me. You were a desperate punk when you came to me years ago. You became a grade A piece of shit. Vandalism, stealing, drug running, you name it buddy. Hell, you even stole from me. " " No... no!" " YES! You want to know what happened, eh? You want to know the truth?! Here's the damn truth. You were out drinking too much after a mission with Lee and you stumbled back here when I was away. You've always had sight for my daughter, Evelynn, and when you saw that she was all alone you raped her. You goddamn raped her in your fanatic lust. She was only 17 and yet you stole her innocence. Can you imagine her shame, the disgusting thought of you in her? She hung herself long before I got back and you fled. You stole Evelynn from me. " Thomas felt his stomach churning. This isn't what he had in mind. The man was a liar, he had to be lying. " You poor, disgusting, vile creature, " Roy murmured, shaking his head, " so desperate. " " What did you do to me? " Thomas squeaked. " I ordered your death. I can't have someone like you existing - not here, not in my city, not in my world. According to Lee, you didn't put up much of a fight. But still, he made an error in not making sure you were truly dead. He thought a blow to the back of your head was enough. The way he described the sickening crunch of your skull was blissful music." Thomas didn't move. Roy sighed and clasped his hands together and leaned back. " Curiosity did kill the cat didn't it, James? I was actually considering letting you live had you decided to let sleeping dogs lie. To let your past be. " Roy stood up and adjusted his suit. " Well I best be going. I have a town to manage, " Roy nodded to nobody in particular, " don't disappoint me this time ." Roy checked his image one last time on a dirty mirror with a rose handle on his desk and closed the door behind him. Thomas sensed a shuffling and he quickly twisted to the dark corner of the room. He saw a glint of steel, he heard a click, and the last thing he saw were a pair of dead blue eyes.