"String Theory" Sai was a indepent man, a self-worth man, a man who wanted to be better, and worth more than others, but he kenw deep inside he didn't to be someone snobby, rich nor classy, he didn't want to put down man and it's countless legions, he wanted to provoke, to inspire. On that day, when rain poured and clouds loomed, his team knew better than to stop, as the engines burned and the rocket wobbled, far it traveled into the layer of clouding, as an amass of people watched up high into the sky as the glow of the boosters slowly faded into the grey skies, they knew they had done it, and so did he. The rumble and shaking of the cabin begun to cease as booster after booster broke off from the shuttle and fell down to earth, "Finally" He said unstrapping the various belts and buckles designed to keep himself safe, "Now that we're up here, lets take a look at this planet." Moving down from the cockpit and down the small shuttle, he found the right port-hole, looming outside of the port-hole was earth, all in it's magnificent glory, the deep hues of the ocean conflicted with the colour of the land, as the ship orbited the planet, he couldn't find the right words to explain how far he and many others have done, done to venture deep into the obsidian sky. But Something caught his eye, something off, amiss, something he gasped and mouthed "What the f Under the light of their home star, the combined mass of Europe and Asia slowly drifted into the darkness, as another massive form of land slowly came into view, it's perplexing colours of green and yellow clashing with the oceans of blue, threw his mind into overdrive, "We've found all there is to know right? This is just shock on my mind right?" His mind begun to argue with itself as his heart started to race, he could do nothing but stare out at the mass of land and it's odd shape. "Hel-.... Oh- Hello!" A voice broke through the static as the station regained contact with the ship. "Hello, can you hear us up there?" Sai with a hurried pace moving from the cabin to the cockpit as he grabbed the microphone, holding the button and speaking into it. "Ye-Yes I'm here" Swallowing down globs of saliva as the man instructed him on what to do up here, he couldn't help but think about the undiscovered continent. As the man droned on with instructions, and the world turned, he couldn't help but drift away from the cockpit and back into the cabin, his mind blocking out the words from the radio as he looked out the hole for another view, the continent slowly drifting into the darkness as his home country begun to come into view once more. "Hey! Hello! Are you even listening to me?" Sai moved back to the cockpit and grabbed the microphone, speaking into it. "Tell me, are you sure you've found everything?" Edit: Critique me! (I was also tired when writing this)