How far did I fall? I gazed up the hillside, my vision coming in and out of focus. There was still a bit of dust and debris floating downward from the trail above me. I reached up and wiped my forehead with the back of my arm and shook some dirt and leaves from my hair. I was still reeling from the tumble down the hill. I felt sort of numb all over. I sat up and tucked my legs underneath me, reaching around for my pack. There was a small first aid kit tucked in a side pocket and I shakily unzipped it and fished out the plastic box. Prying it open proved more difficult than I had anticipated. My fingers felt numb, clumsy. Finally the lid snapped back with a pop and a few band-aids spilled haphazardly on the forest floor. I dug around in the box for bandages and antiseptic, tilting the lid towards my face to look in the mirror glued there. My hair was tousled and falling out of the constraints of my ponytail and was absolutely filthy with dirt and mud. It was almost black with it. I reached up to try to brush some out, expecting my fingers to become tangled in the debris. They slid right through. I reached back and pulled the elastic band roughly from my hair and watched it tumble down around my shoulders - it was all dark. I raked my fingers through my hair again, expecting resistance from caked on mud and dirt and leaves. A few sticks and a leaf or two fell into my lap, but otherwise my fingers' combing path was uninhibited. A wave of confusion and lethargy washed over me. I felt like laying back. I felt like the world was a dream. Maybe I am dreaming. Maybe I'm lying here in this valley bleeding to death from a head wound. The eyes looking back at me in the mirror were a rich and vibrant green. I yelped and thrust the box off my lap, causing it to tumble a few more feet down, its contents spilling out amongst the leaves and moss. I could feel my feet tingling, asleep underneath me. The first sign of pain I had experienced since the fall. I slipped my right foot out and to the side, pulling my left knee forward and still under my right leg. My very tan right leg. And my very tan left knee. I felt dizzy again. I looked down at my hands. They were the same glowing, sun kissed tan as my legs. My fingernails were nude - natural. The red polish I had just applied yesterday seemingly never existed. I sat up on my knees and lunged toward the discarded first aid box. I pulled the mirror close to my face and my breath hitched in my throat. I did not recognize the person staring back at me. She was beautiful, with dark brown hair and green eyes, her face was perfectly symmetrical and she looked like she belonged in a magazine, even with her hair a mess and mud smeared on her face. But it wasn't my face. It wasn't my pale, brown eyed, blond haired, slightly unsymmetrical and far from perfect face staring back at me. I laid my head down against the cool wet ground and shut my eyes, digging my fingers into the soft earth. I was suddenly very tired. My legs and arms would not move like I wanted them to. I felt like it would be okay to keep my eyes closed..... just for a little while longer.