It had been several hundred years since the first recorded instance of a 16-year old gaining a power. Back then the powers had been terribly powerful and hard to control. It was only a few years before the world was thrown into chaos, as every teenager turning 16 seemed to discover a powerful ability they could rarely control. Many had predicted this to be the end of the world, but eventually all but the most disciplined of all had destroyed themselves, and thus civilization prevailed. The nature of the abilities remains unexplained, but seem to somehow be closely tied to genes. As the generations went on, the abilities seemed to get less specific and not as powerful and destructive in nature whenever opposing types were mixed, such as fire abilities combined with water abilities. This is the history of abilities as they are taught to children on their first year of school. As centuries has passed, most abilities are no longer noteworthy, and most people never even use their ability. But regardless of this, the old tradition is still practiced. Upon turning 16, you will be taken to a facility and observed until your ability reveals itself. It has been decades since any really dangerous abilities has surfaced, but rumors of kids never returning from the facilities are not uncommon. The history of the abilities and the rumors did not at all help the fact that I had been dreading my 16th birthday for the last year. I really didn't wan't to get an ability, so many abilities were inconvenient and a nuisance, like the woman next door who shot slime from her fingertips whenever she fully streched her fingers, not to mention if any of the rumors we're true. The people who got abilities that were somewhat destructive or could cause accidental damage were put under 24-hour survailance for the rest of their lives. Having someone watch you while going to the ladies room for the rest of your life would be super creepy. As much as I had wished for this day to never come, I guess it can't be avoided, and here I am, in an underground room made of concrete. Nothing but a steel door, two chairs and a table to be seen. Across the table from me, an absent minded man in a labcoat was playing angry birds on his phone. We sat there in silence, waiting for the last couple of minutes till the time of my birth would go by. Time went by until a clock on the table beeped 1 minute before it was time. The man sighed and looked up from his phone. " I guess it's time " he said in a tone that made it painfully obvious that he had as little a desire to be there as I did. " I guess it is " I moped. The minute passed. The scientist looked at me with tired eyes as nothing happened. He kept staring at me, his eyes widening a little; someone getting a delay on their powers was unheard of, and a person would always spontaniously use their ability when they got it. Could I be the first person with the " ability-gene " degenerated enough for me not to get a power at all? I was beginning to think about how utterly lucky I was, when the scientist blinked for the first time since it was my time. As his eyelids shut completely, the world exploded around me, or rather, the world imploded into me, or maybe I exploded into the world? When I came to, I found myself in a void. Or atleast that is the best description I can think of, except that the word " void " doesn't really seem to cut it, and the term " myself " doesn't really apply, but it's close enough. After a little while I noticed what I guess the best way to describe is a small sphere, and it wasn't long until I understood what it was. What I was looking at was my life, my world, my entiry universe. Looking upon it, I instinctly knew everything about it; everything that had and would happen all exist within this " sphere ." Every cause, every effect, every interaction and every reaction, anything you could ever experience or observe in this universe was painfully obvious to me. At this point, I instantly knew where I was, and as I looked away from the " sphere " my theory was confirmed as I saw countless other " spheres " millions upon trillions of them, all them waiting to be fully understood upon my glance. The ones close to " my " sphere was almost identical, but always with small variations. The further away the " sphere " the more it differed from " my own ." Only two things were the same in all the " spheres ": One being, if any exist, has none or one ability, no more, and I did not exist in any of them. When looking at my own " sphere ," whenever I looked at somewhere I had been during my life, there was only some sort of ripple or distortion, almost like a vacuum waiting to be filled. I was ready to return to my life as I knew it at this point, but I knew that the scientist wouldn't let me leave the underground room until he had seen my ability, and having looked at the " sphere " I knew the rumors to be true, so telling him the truth was not an option. I felt a strong connection to this " sphere " in particular, it being my original and all, so I had to trick my way out. I started looking into several " spheres " looking for anything I could use. An came to me when I looked into a " sphere " with a universe precisely identical to my own, except for the fact that humans had evolved with an extra set of lungs. I took notice of their DNA sequence, and imagined myself with that DNA being " poured " into the ripple of myself in the underground room. The " spheres " disappeared, and the world expanded around me. The scientist reopened his eyes, looking at me with unease. I took a small breath of air using my new set of lungs located in my breats, making them expand slightly, but enough to be notice. The scientist smirked and tried to hide a chuckle. " Well, I guess you got a somewhat useful ability " he said smiling. " I guess I did " I laughed. I was escorted out of the room by the scientist. I walked next to him with a big grin on my face; Of all the people who had ever lived, I had gotten the most powerful ability of the all, changing reality to my liking, and giving myself and biological trait I could ever desire. No one knew, and no one will ever know. Never have there been, nor will there ever exist anything closer to a god than what I have become.