"What a long exhausting day it was!" - I thought to myself, looking at the still blurred from the shower steam silhouette in the mirror. Signing books has always been my no Go when it comes to meet with my audience. I prefer the readers' questions via e-mail or post. Alas, when I was signing the six figures contract I wasn't thinking of THAT at all. I stepped into the bedroom, found some clothes on the bed and put them on. Now, when I washed the day off my body and mind, it was time for something more pleasant - my new, but unfortunately to all of my readers, last book. The big boom that nobody expects. I grabbed a bottle of my favorite beer and sat on my desk. Fired up this old PC of mine, double-clicked on the File. Page 116. Wait, 116??? That's not right. I'm sure I left at page 23 yesterday. I scrolled down to page 23. Yep, there it was. The line I left my book at yesterday. So how the hell have all those 93 pages written themselves? In one day??? I gazed with a grimed look at my beer. "Nah, it can't be." - I said out loud. I never drink more than 3 bottles! It is absurd. Unless. "Unless someone sneaked in my room and poured something in it." - another cry out loud in my room. So I decided to put the beer aside, just in case, and check on those 93!!! pages. Jonathan was walking carefully down the icy street. It was still dark, although the big tower watch was showing 7:00 in the morning, and he was trying not to fall. Damn winter, he thought to himself. The coffee shop was just around the corner, but it felt like million miles away. Jenny's coffee was his destination, before of course arriving at work. A freshly brewed cup of coffee. He could smell it already. And the melodic voice of Jenny. Every time Jenny reaches to hand Johnathan his coffee there is this spark that can be seen, flashing between them..... What??? They never had a spark!!! This, what I read, is just ridiculous. Jenny and John. Yeah, sure, like Bonnie and Clyde. There was never anything between them! No, no, let me see further. I skipped 40 or 60 pages, who the hell counts. Jenny and John, haha. It was the special night of the year. The Christmas party at Johnathan's company. Everyone had an invitation card with a 1 on it. Be it a girlfriend, boyfriend or just a lover. Of course, since Jonathan was married, he couldn't invite Jenny to the party. And because of his boss, who was some kind of moralist he had to ask his best friend at the company - Matt, to invite her. This way, Johnathan would at least have the chance to look at Jenny and perhaps during the night, have a dance with her. Matt, on the other hand, was this awesome good-looking guy. There was no female (even some male) coworkers in the office who had a crush on him. Ahahaha, I just couldn't stop laughing. Matt - awesome good-looking guy? I was really starting to believe that my book or someone, who wrote this, had some twisted mind. Some completely and totally twisted mind than what was the actual plot I was writing. Matt is the bad guy. The one, that no one likes. Let me scroll to see..... Wait. Now there are 146 pages already??? How long have I been reading this? I scrolled lighting fast down to the very bottom of the document. And then I saw it. The cursor was moving by itself. My hands - away from the keyboard. And yet, letters which formed words were coming underneath the cursor. But there, at the Christmas party, there was one person that everyone hated. And they were waiting for their chance. The 1 on their cards had in fact another meaning. It meant, they are in. They wanted him DEAD. " Dear Frank, it is me, Jonathan. " " And me, Matt. " " And me, Jenny. " " We all gathered that Christmas because of you. We despise you! You were always between us. Always reading us moral. But let us tell you, that you are NOTHING!" " You are the minus in the . No one, and we repeat, no one cares for you. You ruined so many lives. So we gathered and sacrificed ourselves, only to be able to actually do what we never could do alive. Kill you! " The cursor had stopped. I was terrified. This was my biography! My name is Frank T. Marschall. The screen flashed: THE END 21.06.2004 - P.S. Please excuse my English. It is not my native language and the story might sound bit clumsy.