Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered, weak and tired, Over many a quaint and curious volume of forgotten lore - While I nodded, nearly falling asleep, suddenly there came a sharp repetitive sound, As of some one gently rapping, knocking at my chamber door - Tis some visitor," I muttered, " tapping at my chamber portal - Only this and nothing else. " nbsp; Ah, distinctly I remember it was in the bleak January; And each separate dying spark wrought its ghost upon the ground. Eagerly I wished the dawn; - vainly I had sought to borrow From my books surcease of sadness - sorrow for the lost Peggy - For the rare and radiant maiden whom the angels name Margaret - Nameless here for evermore. nbsp; And the silken, sad, uncertain rustling of each purple drapery Thrilled me - filled me with fantastic terrors not felt before this; So that now, to still the beating of my heart, I stood saying again and again, Tis some visitor entreating entrance at my chamber door - Some late visitor asking to be let through my chamber threshold; - This it is and nothing else. " nbsp; Presently my soul grew less weak; hesitating then no longer, " Sir," said I, " or Madam, truly your forgiveness I implore; But the fact is I was sleeping, and so gently you came knocking, And so faintly you came repetitively hitting my chamber entryway, That I scarce was sure I heard you " - here I opened wide the door; - Darkness there and nothing else. nbsp; Deep into that darkness looking, long I stood there wondering, afraid, Doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before; But the silence continued, and the stillness gave no token, And the only word there said was the whispered word, " Peggy? " This I whispered, and an echo murmured back the word, " Margaret! " - Merely this and nothing else. nbsp; Back into the chamber turning, all my soul within me on fire, Soon again I heard a tapping somewhat louder than the last time. " Surely," said I, " surely that is something at my window lattice; Let me see, then, what it could be, and this mystery put an end to - Let my heart be still a moment and this mystery explore; - ' Tis the wind and nothing else! " nbsp; Open here I flung the window, when, with many a flirt and flutter, In there stepped a stately Raven of the saintly days of long ago; Not the least obeisance made he; not a minute did he stop; But, with mien of lady or lord, perched above my chamber door - Perched upon a bust of Pallas just above my chamber entryway - Perched, and sat, and nothing else. nbsp; Then this ebony bird beguiling my sad fancy into being a bit amused, By the grave and stern decorum of the countenance it had, " Though thy crest be shorn and shaven, thou," I said, " art sure not timid, Ghastly grim and ancient Raven wandering from the Nightly coast - Tell me what thy lordly name is on the Night's Plutonian shore! " Quoth the Raven " No, never. "