It's been almost six years to the day since the beginning of the outbreak, and about a year since I have seen another human being. The thought of "fixing" whatever the hell this is- finding a cure, repopulating the world, saving humanity- was long gone. I had accepted it. Possibly being the last human on the planet was almost freeing in a way- and absolutely terrifying in another. The worst part? Take a wild guess. The loneliness. I had always been a bit of a loaner in the first place, never had many friends, but this was a whole other level. I had travelled with a few other groups of survivors, but something always happened. Usually they died. Sometimes they wanted to go another way. Other times, they were just straight up assholes. I miss them. All of them. Even the ones that tried to kill me. Knowing someone wants you dead means there was someone who knew you at least existed. As for the Zombies? They became weak. Their habits changed, eating humans was no longer an option so they went for animals instead. Animals never turned. Could you imagine a swarm of zombie cougars? Zombie bears? Zombie deer? I wouldn't have lasted a week here in Canada. Even living animals became a rare sight at this point. So when I saw that cat, I knew I wanted it as a pet. A companion. The fact it looked just like an internet meme from years ago made it all the better...... Grumpy Cat. That's what he was called. A Siamese. The fact he looked perpetually grumpy made him all the cuter. So when I was looking across the rooftops and saw that stupid face staring at me from the window in the house across the street, I just knew I had to have him. Or her. While I sprinted down the stairs and across the street all I could think of was holding that stupid cat. It's soft fur. Something living and breathing that I could actually hold. Bond with. Take care of. Cuddle. Play with. I was so consumed by my thoughts I didn't pay attention to the piles of corpses I was trying to jump over. Until I tripped. I fell, hard. I screamed. Out loud. That was the first time I had heard even my own voice in so long. I think the sound of it scared me even more than falling into a pile of corpses. I pushed myself off the ground and continued running. I made it into the house and had to stop and catch my breath. "It'll be ok," I murmured to myself. "Slow down. You don't want to scare it." I made my way up the stairs without even checking all the rooms first. I was worried my scream startled the grumpy looking cat and I would lose it forever. At the top of the stairs, there were two doors. Both of which were just slightly ajar. I heard moaning noises to the right and shut the door quickly. Left it is. I stepped into what used to be a kids room. Or so I assume. I hope no grown adults would have Dora the Explorer wallpaper. Then again, you never know. I have been in so many strangers rooms and houses at this point it wouldn't surprise me. I was holed up in one of my neighbors basements early on in the outbreak and discovered he had the whole basement outfitted and decorated in My Little Pony shit. Would have never guessed. Some people are into some messed up shit. Anyways, back to the cat. There it was. Still sitting by the window sill. Looking cranky as all hell. Then it meowed, and I burst into tears. I reached out and slowly walked forward. "Come here Kitty. I won't hurt you." My hand was trembling. The cat looked annoyed, but I could see it in it's eyes. It wanted to be loved. It stepped forward and rubbed it's head against my hand. I swiftly picked it up, sat in a Dora bean bag chair, and began petting it. It loved it. It began purring. It was the best moment of my life. A companion, someone to be with me. I never wanted to let it go. Of course, I named it Grumpy Cat. Me and Grumpy must have been together for hours. I had moved onto the floor, and had Grumpy lying on my chest. The warmth of something living against my body was a feeling I thought I would never have again. I was a wreck. I was still crying, which was amazing considering I was so dehydrated. I didn't want to risk moving the cat to get a drink. Just a few more minutes I told myself, then I will. Two minutes later I was sleeping. When I woke, I woke to the most excruciating pain I could imagine. Four zombies had entered the room, and two of them had already started to eat my legs. The other two were standing back as if they were politely waiting their turn. "No! NOOOOO!!!" I screamed. I was wrong. They were staring at Grumpy cat, who was on the window sill hissing. I panicked. I had no concern for what was happening to me, I just couldn't let them get Grumpy. The two zombies eating my legs were preoccupied. My body must have gone into shock because I no longer felt any pain. The other two looked at me while I screamed. "FUCK YOU! JUST LEAVE GRUMPY ALONE!!!" It didn't matter. They went after him. Grumpy looked at me, looking as grumpy as always. Those eyes though..... they said goodbye. I cried. I couldn't look. Then everything went dark. When I woke, I woke next to a tail. I knew whose it was immediately. I tried to call out for Grumpy, but I could only moan. I looked up at the zombies. They were standing above me, looking directly at me. Weird. I looked at my legs. There wasn't much left of them. The flesh was gone, but the bones and muscles seemed to all be there. I felt no pain. I tried moving them, and amazingly enough, I could. I tried to stand, but it turns out there was more damage. My left arm was non existent, but my right seemed ok. The Zombies just stood there, staring at me as I struggled to get up. Then one, this big, burly motherfucker with half a face reached out a hand..... It was nice to have some companionship again. Someone to care for, and someone to care for me. We travel as a group everywhere we go. None of us are much for conversation, but it's just nice to know someone is there for you. Some of the other Zombies I've met are assholes, and some don't stay with our group for long, but I will remember and cherish everyone of them. And these four? I'm not letting them go anywhere. They are the best thing that has ever happened to me. I never was much of a cat person anyways...