Being a giant isn't a very good thing when trying to walk through human lands. They were still recovering from the war. It's a strange thing to walk through foreign lands like this. I was taller then most giants, but when I couldn't even walk on the pavement out of fear for curshing the little men it was becoming a nuisance. Having everybody yells at you for walking on the cart road instead of on the pavement didn't help much either. Everything was too small. I kept knocking my head into the lanterns the humans hung on poles in the streets. Sometimes stole a peak into the second story of their houses. I drew eyes everywhere, but not they eyes of ignorance, eyes of those who have never laid eyes on one like me. They knew who I was. I was one of the many who conquered this city after all. They all know my kind. They know what we did. If they would look past our size, however, they would see that we're not that different from them. They would have done the same thing if they were in our position. I sat done on the pavement near a pub and ordered a bucket of milk. Apparantly they didn't sell to giants, so I paid a homeless man to order a bucket of milk for me. Turns out they don't sell to homeless people either. I was just thirsty for milk, and I knew they had fine cattle that produce massive amounts of it. Stubborn bastards simply refused to sell it to me. Fine. I'd get it from the source. After a day of walking around the edges of the city, I found a pack of cows walking around in a field. Black and brown, white patterns along their bellies. The sight of me scared them, so I walked after them. Stomped a little. That's bound to get the owner's attention. Before long, one of the combustion carriages came towards me, roaring in the distance. There were four people in the vehicle, rugged and worn, carrying firesticks. Those were dangerous. One good pang and they exploded your head. They wouldn't get past my clothes though. Several layers of fur to keep me warm in the cold winter nights, on top of those plates of blacksteel armor. It made me look even more imposing though, with all the bones and other ornaments wrapped around me, and the little ones don't appreciate that. Might have to do with the fact that some of the things I'm wearing are tropies from the war. The little ones got out of the carriage and took aim immediatly. Death lingered in their eyes. "Wayyt-." That was all I could get out before they opened fire. Some of the chain links that held my clothes together snapped. Tracking of the armor I wore filled the air along with the loud pangs from the firesticks. Poking pains spread all over my chest as I shielded my head from them. I yelled for them to stop, but they didn't. Their sticks weren't very good though. They fired slow, and they had to pause sometimes to but shrapnel in them. I charged the carriage and flipped it over. One of the little ones was caught beneath. A really small women dropped her stick and went to help her companion while they other two pointed their sticks at me. I kicked one away and snatched the last one up by the legs before he could pang his stick again. Tore the stick out of his flailing hands and tossed it towards the cattle before he could use it. The grass grinders couldn't use those anyway. "Why can't you just stop?! " , the little woman yelled. I just asked them that exact same thing, and now when they're overpowered, they turn those words to me? Really? These humans have a lot to learn about conversing, because they are pisspoor at it. "Yuu saht me," I retorted. My human tongue was good enough to understand, but barely enough to speak. "You were harassing our cows!." "I wonted milkk." "You're killing Abe! Let him go!." Abe was probably the man I held upside down. To say that I was killing him was overestimating the danger he was in, but the wimpering coming from him gave me the idea that he wasn't being entertained. So I put him back down on the ground, gently. He scurried away to help the little man I kicked away. "Yuu ghaf milkk?." "Not for you, monster." That little one had a mouth on her. All I wanted was some milk, and they shot at me. Milk wasn't worth dying over, though. And these people weren't willing to give it. However..... I pulled out a small pouch with coins and jingled it. Humans like coins. Once saw a human stab another one, only to take his pouch away and sprint off. Good thing I chased her down and broke her in half over my knee, otherwise I wouldn't have had the money now. "We don't want your filthy money, beast. Get out of here." Damn. They were set on not giving me anything. Not even for money. But I was thirsty. And the grass grinders had milk in them. They also made for good meat. The humans have stores though. Good stores. I was also hungry. I walked up to the little woman, and knelt down. Her face was pockmarked and freckled. Her hair was rat brown and she smelled of cow shit. I held my finger beneath her chin and pointed it up at me. Apparantly, that gets their attention. "I pai muney. Yuu gif milkk. Not awskun noise." She pushed my finger away. This one has balls. If she were a giantess, I'd probably court her. Or attempt to, anyway. "And what if I say no? " , now with a little uncertainty in her voice. She knew the risks now. "Hooman lunnch," I said. Licked my lips for extra effect. Her eyes went wide. She hadn't considered that. Never acquired the taste, though. But she didn't know that. She agreed. I flipped over the carriage and let them get back in. Before I could ask where their farm was, they bolted off, leaving me behind a trail of smoke puffing out the back. Too bad for them that those carriages also left behind tracks that were easy to follow.