"Arlo! Come on." The Boston Terrier pleaded, as he excitedly bounced around the grass. "Listen, kid. I aint telling you darn story." Arlo responded, groaning at the sheer annoyance this young pup was causing him. "OOoooh please!" He begged, as he bend down ready to pounce on the large dog. "No!" Arlo groaned, turning his back on the 2 year old dog. Bino ran around the large German Shepard, as being small he was not able to get the large elders full attention. He was a new member of the Mitchell family, and wanted to know all about the adventures his elder had been through with their shared master. Bino was a gift for the little ones, who wanted a more excitable dog than the one they had right now. Arlo had been with the family for the last ten years, and was his masters dog before he met his bitch and had pups. She was a fine bitch, as she always fed Arlo when he needed food and took him on walks when his master couldnt. He had grown to love his masters bitch almost as he loved his master, and their pups were no different. They perhaps loved Arlo too much, always wanting to play with him even now at his old age. The runt of the litter Cassy once tried to put all this different sticky stuff on his face, and make him sit down at a little table with her and her chew toys (which he was not allowed to chew.) "Come on." Bino said, as he looked at the old dog. "Why do you wan na hear my old stories?" Arlo asked, looking at the little dog. "Because I wan na learn from you. You know, pick up some good advice." Bino explained, still a ball of energy wrapped in fur. "You want advice? For starters, dont bother your elders when he's trying to take a nap." Arlo barked, as he closed his eyes. "Please. I wan na know more about my new family." Bino said, trying to keep Arlo awake. "If I tell you some stories, will you leave me alone?" Arlo asked, as he raised his head sleepily. "Yes, sir!" Bino said in excitement, as he looked at Arlo. "Okay. What do you wan na know?" Arlo asked, tired in his tone. "How did you and master meet?" Bino asked, so happy to hear a story. "Me and master, were assigned together during a fight long time ago. When he and I were young pups. I had heard from my fellow K-9 unit - Thats what they called us - that we were being assigned to our partners one day, and then we were off to the sandy place to fight with them." Arlo explained, recalling his fellow unit and the hot place they were assigned to. "Sandy place?" Bino asked, confused at the name. "Yes. It was this place made of sand and rock. I didnt like it, and neither did he." Arlo explained, recalling the heat and the smells of the land and how they were so different from the life he knew now. "Anyways, I got this real bad man who yanked my collar hard when he got me. But then, Master shouted at him and took my leash away from him. That was when I knew I could trust him." Arlo went on, a feeling of happiness coming to him as he recalled his master and him meeting. "After a whole lot of fighting, we came home together. He met his bitch, and settled down." Arlo finished, yawning as he looked down at Bino. "Wow. So, you and master were soldiers?" Bino asked, as Arlo finished yawning. "Yeah. Now let me get some sleep, will ya? The pups will be back any minute, and I wan na get some rest." Arlo explained, lowering his head to the grass again. "Sure, thing Commander Arlo, sir! Any advice for a young soldier like me?" Bino asked, making more noise now then he was before. "Yeah. Bite the little ones chew toys. They love that." Arlo lied, smiling to himself. "Really?" Bino asked, a new mission on his mind now. "Yup." Arlo said, as Bino ran off into the house like a rabbit. "Good kid..... the pups will love him." Arlo thought to himself as he fell into sleep. (Bit of a note: As Arlo is a dog, he does refer to humans by dog standards. Hence masters wife is his bitch. This is not done to offend, but done just from his perspective. Also, the names Arlo and Bino are so different because Arlo was named by the father and Bino was named by his kids.I was planning on making this longer, but didnt know if I had the space.)