For my first thirty sum odd years of existence I never really gave any thought to the notions of God, the supernatural, or even extraterrestrial life. I was the kind of person who had to see something happen right before my eyes to believe that it actually happened. I grew up in a small Alaskan town near the coast that you've probably never heard of. The town was relatively close to a nearby oil rig and it wasn't uncommon to see drifters come and go looking for employment on the rig or one of the many fishing and crabbing vessels. The people in my town were as rough as the strenuous life they lived. Like I said, it wasn't uncommon to meet people from all over the world searching for work. I became friends with many of them and even enemies with a few. However, one drifter in particular left such an impression that he changed the very fundamentals of everything I thought I knew. Larry arrived in our town in late February that year. Earlier that year there was an explosion on the oil rig that was caused by some natural gas or something, I don't really understand how all of that stuff works, and the whole thing was pretty much destroyed but miraculously the crew had survived. I ran a little bar in the town, not much to look at, but it was the only watering hole for 50 miles in every direction. One morning as I was sweeping outside the bar, cleaning up from the night before, a face approached me that I had never seen before which like I said isn't at all uncommon in my town. "Can I help you?" I said, "Sorry to bother you this early, but I'm new in town and recently unemployed." He said. "I was just wondering if maybe you're hiring, I'm not too proud for any job that you could give me." I actually wasn't hiring at the moment and to be honest I couldn't really afford to hire anyone else, but I really felt sorry for the guy. "I guess he can help out bussing tables and bar hopping." I thought. The military had also recently moved into the area doing some kind of weather research about 20 miles north, and the soldiers had begun to flock to my place. I figured maybe I could use the extra help. He was a pretty big guy as well, about 6'4 and looked strong as an ox. Every now and then a drifter would come in who thought he was a hard ass so having this guy around to settle a few scores wouldn't hurt either. "We'll I could use someone to help out around here as a matter of fact." "I can't pay you very much, but I do have an extra room above the bar that you can stay in if you'd like." I said. "That'd be great." He said. "When can I start?" "Well first I need to know your name." I said. "Larry" he said. "Nice to meet you." Larry was a better worker than I had ever imagined. He was hard-working, polite, and the guy never seemed to get tired. All of the regulars loved him and we became pretty good friends too. I decided to take Larry with me to a mechanic that I knew in a town about thirty miles east. My truck's transmission light had been on for a while and I decided to have it looked at. The night before there had been some really heavy snowfall and the roads were in terrible condition. We came around a curve in the road and saw that someone had missed the curve and ran their truck off the road about 50 yards into a healthy pine tree. The truck was completely wrapped around the tree and the tree had fallen on top of the truck as well. We pulled over and ran to the truck as quickly as we could. In the passenger seat we saw and older man slumped to the side and bleeding pretty badly, but he was breathing. The way the truck was wrapped around the base of the tree and the way that the rest of it was on top of the truck there was no way to get the man out. The man was seriously injured and losing blood fast. "Go back to the truck and close your eyes." Larry said in a tone I had never heard before. "WHAT?!" "Do it." "Now." He said. Dumbfounded, I reluctantly walked back to the truck, both angry and confused, and did what he said. Well, not completely. I watched. What I saw, I could not believe. Larry walked over to the truck and like you or I might lift a 20 pound dumbbell, he lifted that massive tree trunk off the top of the truck. I was in disbelief. What he did next was even more remarkable. He then proceeded to unwrap the truck from around the tree WITH HIS HANDS. When Larry walked back over to my truck holding the barely breathing man in his arms he could tell by the look on my face that I had not done as he said. After he laid the man in the backseat of my truck he got in on the passenger side of the truck and and with an inexplicable look of almost shame in his eye said, "forget what you saw, and never speak of it." At that point I knew that Larry was unlike anyone else on this planet. Over the next few months feats like this continued to occur. Each time Larry seemed more and more reluctant to perform them. We never spoke of any of them and I could tell in eyes that he appreciated my silence on the subject. Larry began showing up at work In the mornings having not slept the night before. I knew this because he was never at his apartment above the bar. I watched him from my house across the street take off north every night. On foot. To the north there was absolutely nothing but an old, dilapidated road for the next 20 or so miles. Every morning as I was cleaning up from the night before I would see him come walking down that road towards the bar. I still don't know exactly what he was doing or we he was going but I suspected it had something to do with that military research going on up north. I will never forget the last night I saw Larry. A trucker hauling freshly cut timber stopped in to have a few drinks with his buddies that evening. This guy had come in a few times before and he was a real asshole every time. I had recently hired a new waitress and he decided to make it a priority that night to harass her as much as possible. Both Larry and I, were ready to throw this guy out but she told us not to worry and that she had dealt with pricks before and this guy was no different. The next time she went over there the guy decided to grab her ass and that was it. Larry was steaming and looked over at me and I have him the "throw his ass on the street" nod. Larry walked over there and said "Thats enough." "What are you gunna do about it?" Said the trucker. "Well then I'm going to have to ask you to leave." The guy then took his glass of beer and threw threw it in Larry's face. Larry never budged but, the guy wasn't through yet. He became angry and shoved Larry as hard as he possibly could. Larry didnt move an inch and in fact the guy bounced back off of Larry. Larry then turned around and began to walk off when suddenly a beer can came hurdling in and hit him in the back of the head. Larry walked towards the door and before he went outside gave me a wink that I will never forget. That was the last time I ever saw Larry. However, when we walked outside something unimaginable had unfolded. The truckers truck was 20 feet in the air, impaled by a string of telephone polls. I can not begin to accurately describe what we saw out there. I do know, however, who was responsible. I walked up the short flight of stairs to Larry's apartment and everything was still there but I knew he wouldn't be back. But before I left I noticed above the doorframe someone had carved, more like burned, two letters. It looked like a set of initials and it read C.K. Was here.