Being in a mixed-member family was always less-than-ideal. Children liked to see their parents united in everything. And when one stayed home while the other dragged the kids off to church, there was always a little'murmuring'. How I wish I could hear them complaining, hear them say anything again. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints - Mormons - had everything backwards. Everyone knew that Father, Son, and Holy Ghost were a single trinity. Mormons said they were separate. Everyone knew that God finished speaking with the end of the bible. Mormons had new scripture and prophets constantly. And everyone knew that children were born with original sin. Mormons treated all children as innocent until they were old enough to be accountable. I guess that's why it was a shock when the Mormons left, they took the children with them. We had three kids, two under eight. The oldest had been baptized, though, so I didn't get to hold onto her. I know that there are some of you here today who have lost some and kept others. I'm told you envy those who were like me, where they were all taken. Let me assure you, mine is a position not worthy of envy. And now there are no more children. And being here at the steps of the Salt Lake Temple only seems to amplify that thought. No more spirits left in the pre-earth life to come down and take the bodies we make for them. Whether we each live out the rest of our natural lives or it's all over in two years, I can say that it's been like a light has gone out. Not because the Mormons have left, but because the children did too. You know what the most ironic thing is? The Mormons didn't actually believe in the rapture! They though most of the religions got it wrong. Four horseman, seven years of tribulations, their sudden departure, they though it was allegorical. I guess God does have a sense of humor. Now, I'm not a non-member, but an ex-member. That's why I can bring you to the temple here today, I know what goes on. I know how, and I know why. But I want to be very clear on this one, important aspect: nothing we say or do here today will make any difference. When the Mormons left, they took their authority, their priesthood with them. I don't have it, no one does. We are no different than bags of sand as we go through here today. What we do here will not bring salvation, it will not bring your children back. All we can do is be like David, begging forgiveness and hoping for a small sliver of our own salvation. We may be damned, but let the work we do here today be sung in the highest degree of heaven with the rest of David's psalms.