You know those nightmares you had as a child, where you'd be somewhere familiar yet completely alien? As though your home had suddenly become some faraway land, and your only goal was to return home. Well in 2014, that's exactly what happened to everyone in the world. I was on my way to an important business meeting, off to discuss some law, and how my company could avoid it, when it all happened. I checked my watch to see the time, and as I looked up, I saw a blinding flash off in the distance, lighting up the once blue sky in streaks of white. Next, it was followed by an eardrum shattering bang, like a hundred thousand gunshots going off at once. Then, finally, the blast. A wall of rock, stone, dirt and trash and flew towards me, silhouetted by the strange white light. I turned to run, but like a wave washing over the ocean, anything in the path of that wall was thrown like a ragdoll. The last thing I remember was being thrown what felt like miles into the air, and rushing down back into that swirling vortex of light. When I woke, it was night time. Others seemed to be sitting up around me, and the confused look on the faces that surrounded me seemed to speak louder than words that this was not a normal occurrence. I checked my watch, and had a terrible realisation. It was 3 am, and I was ridiculously late for my meeting! I tried to get to my feet, but the second I tried to stand, my legs gave way underneath me. What the hell was going on? After a few minutes I had enough strength to drag myself up by a nearby stair railing. For the first time since waking, I looked around. Something was wrong. As I looked, I saw the once manicured strips of grass and trees had overgrown to ridiculous proportions, and the streets were covered in trash, empty food packages, and bones. Wait what the hell? Upon further inspection, I saw they were human. Jesus Christ, what the hell happened. It was then that I checked my watch again. A neat little feature it had was that it told the time in seconds, minutes, hours, days and years. The blood drained from my face as I saw what I'd missed earlier. 3:04 am. Friday. 13th of June. 2015. As I wondered what the hell was going on, something rustled through the bushes behind me. Something big. As I saw glowing red eyes light the way. Then was the first time I wondered, what left those bones?