January 22, 2016. Today's the day. Again. As Jim looked at the date on his computer he couldn't help but feel anxious. He had been here a few times before, yet each time he was filled with a sense of dread. What if it didn't work? Well, he actually knew exactly what would happen if it didn't work. He'd wake up again. The real question was what if it did work. "So let's run it through one more time." said Janet. "We only have 30 minutes until the heart attack." One more time. As if that would help. He had run this plan through his head for centuries, and while Janet was aware of the plan and the stakes, she had no way of knowing she had as well. "It's not that complicated Janet. In a minute I will step into the chamber, and hopefully, turn into a Popsicle." And not be groundhog'd any longer, he thought. He could only imagine it, a world past January 22, 2016. Who knows when he would wake up. The further in time the better. He would have more to work with that way. He could only hope that someone found a way to wake him up before his body decomposed to the point that the universe considered him dead. Then he would just wake up yesterday and have to try again. He thought back to a time when that very thing brought him excitement. The possibilities had been endless. At first he only fixed trivial things. A date gone wrong turned into a blossoming relationship. Failed lottery ticket purchases had turned him into a billionaire. Missed opportunities had turned into open doors all around him. The world was his playground. All it took was the pull of a trigger. Then he had realized the full potential of his groundhogging. He could go back till his very birth and relive his life however he wanted. Over and over. He had been the President of the United States, a world famous musician, an evil genius that ruled most of the world, a philanthropist that changed humanity for the better, a hermit who never left the house, a man who just wanted to die. Over and over and over his life played before him. People and places turned to mere tools that he could use and then restore. As long as he stayed within March 4, 1965 and January 22, 2016. It turns out the only thing he couldn't change was his genetics. No matter how healthy he ate or how in shape he was, his heart would give out today, and he would groundhog. As he looked around his lab he hoped that this time it would be different. With the last 3 lifetimes of work surrounding him, mainly a state of the art cryogenic chamber not expected to be a reality for at least a few more centuries, he wondered what his future would look like. Hopefully it would look like the future. Anytime past tomorrow. Then he would have more than just these past 50 years to utilize. Hell, there may even be someone else like him out there that could help him. "Alright Jim, everything is dialed in and ready to go. Ready on your word." Janet said. Jim nervously walked across the room to the chamber. Please work. Please work. Please work. He kept thinking as he laid his body down into the machine. Once he laid down he heard Janet type into her computer and then the hiss of a motor near his head closed the chamber door. "Can you hear me?" Janet said. "Loud and clear" He replied over the intercom. "Alright, we have 10 seconds until freeze." She said with a steady voice. "Thank you for everything Janet. I couldn't have done this without you." Jim said. "That's why you will make sure there is a statue of me in a big city in the future. Right?" She said as the sound of the chamber's freezing cells started up. Right, he thought. An instant later everything went black. He felt the soft plush of a pillow under his head as he slowly came to. He didn't dare open his eyes. Maybe someone has retrofitted his Cryogenics chamber to be more comfortable. "Good morning honey. Are you ready to see the future today?" he heard Janet say from her position laying next to him.