It began in the sunlight, The kingdom arose to a new day as they had everyday, afraid of what was to come. I arose from my sleep somewhere in the morning hours. Servants waited patiently at the doors for me to arise. I dawned the outfit my tailor had laid out and headed for the stables to see my darling stallion Stella. As I rode into town the guard surrounded me and became my escort on a fine Sunday. The people were gathering for a sermon led by their king, and what a glorious day it was to be king!. As I rode the people gathered and bowed along the road. I saw a young girl gaze at me with tears of joy in her eyes as I rode past. The people were waiting to hear their king speak. How amazing it felt to feel the love of the people and to know that I was their protector. As we rode on their came a fork in the road, to the right their stood the stage that would be where the sermon was held. Interestingly to the left there appeared a quarrel of men. How foolish were these men to have come to blows on the king's day? We rode for the men and I exclaimed " What is the meaning of this? " one man, a short slender fellow, stopped immediately, sheepishly looked up and said " this man stole food from my stand ." The other man, a tall burly gentleman, with a gruff look of indifference simply stated that he had not done anything of the sort and this man had attacked him. In order to keep the peace on the king's day I had no choice but too have both of the men executed immediately, with a quick swing of the blade by my two guardsmen the deed was done. We rode back to the fork and made way for the stage. As we arrived on the stage the crowd gathered quickly. Men, women and children flocked as I ascended, " the people love their king " I thought as I made way to center stage. I could hear the sound of screams and cries as the people gathered. I heard my guardsmen yelling out as well and I became overwhelmed with emotion. I began to speak as we had planned to announce this years tax plan and the offerings to be made to the king. As I spoke I felt a deep sharp pain in my chest, I saw the flash of my guardsmen's swords as they were drawn and I heard the roar of the crowd. I fell to my knees, clutching the arrow in my breast. I saw my guardsmen fall one by one by the arrows coming from the blur of the crowd. I looked out and wondered who this evil culprit could be to attack the king, surely the people would attack the would be assassin to save their king. It started low, as the last of my guardsmen fell, and I lay still clutching the arrow. " THE KING IS DEAD, THE KING IS DEAD ." The chant grew louder with each beating pulse draining the blood from my body. " THE KING IS DEAD, THE KING IS DEAD ." The last thing I saw was the men ascending the stairs to remove their beloved king.