Son, life is a lot like a long-distance race. You start the race like everyone else running at a slow, steady pace, learning how to put one foot in front of the other. Eventually you start growing confident with your speed, you find your rhythm and reason to run as your competitors do the same. Sometimes you push ahead of others, sometimes they push ahead of you it's in our nature to be competitive. You may experience times where you slow down, or are slowed by others but this is ok, eventually you will work through it, get your second wind, and return to the pack ready to keep forging ahead with your path. Sometimes people will cheat, the race can be unfair like that, and someone may take steroids, get involved in doping or cybernetically enhance themselves to gain the advantage by becoming a half human half robot hybrid. That's just the way the race is, if there's an easier option humanity is going to take that route. Speaking of which you don't necessarily have to stick to the race track, if others are cheating join them, beat them at their own game. Forge your own path in life run all the way to Alaska if you want. Don't listen to those who would tell you it's ' impossible'to run on water all the way to Alaska, they are doubters, haters, fools. In fact don't follow the laws of this universe, if gravity or resistance slow you down disregard them, leave our orbit and find you place in the stars where nobody can criticise you. If you find aliens out there in the vast expanse and they don't race, you teach them our ways, or dominate them with your muscular race-honed legs. Peace isn't an option drop-kick their planet and claim their alien throne. Conquer the galaxy my child. Do it for your old man and together as husband and son we will create Shangri-la in the stars. Make it so when the other, foolish runners look up in the night sky they will receive a high-five, even if its awkward and poorly executed. We will hive-five them with our most dominant hand, with our cosmic hand, and make this country great once more... Just remember I love you.