I always figured it was some form of synesthesia; above everybody, a translucent number, hovering above their head like a static hummingbird. I figured out soon enough that I was unique in this, that no-one else could see these bizarre numbers, a halo of creation and devastation. The nerdy kids on the late-night subway, a meek green 1. A young man down a side alley, gaunt and skinny, came in as a jaundiced 4. My reflection told me 6, blazing above my head like a personal sunset, caused by nothing other than a short fuse, as it flashed and fizzled in the mirror. You got used to seeing anything between 1-5, and this covered the majority of the population. A suburban train line gave you 3's and 2's galore, a 7 occasionally popping up in the busier stations, but you soon got into the habit of not boarding with them. It was weird, seeing anything above 7. It didn't happen often, and I only ever saw an 8 once, and that was a gray sludge painted above Hitler's animated body, mouth rapidly spewing sludge for yet another propaganda film. He changed that. He removed the blindfold, and showed me what the numbers meant. I sat in class, a cold autumn day covered the old concrete of the yard with a crystalline frost, refracting the light in a glorious beam across the side of the school's main building. I gazed out the window, daydreaming as the doddering, old teacher explained the basics of trigonometry in a droning tone, the scrawly tone drilling itself into your head, when suddenly I saw the flair out of the corner of my eye. A crimson supernova, radiating blood in waves around it, embossing the double numbers above the man below. 10. To even think, the idea of a man worse than Hitler himself? My heart exploded into action, pumping waves of horror across my body, hyperventilation kicking into overdrive and leaving me ragged. And yet, how could it be? He was pushed into sight, a big silver frame rolled around the corner of the yard, hands grasping the slender handles protruding out of the frame of the chair. Big, metallic spokes reflected the demonic color onto the ground, blood washing over the ice and turning it into a twisted battlefield. The drool cascaded slowly out of the corner of his mouth, dripping onto his crisp blazer as the assistant ferried him across the large expanse. She barely registered in the storm surrounding her, but a faint, calm 1 splayed it's lime tinge amongst the pyroclastic flow meandering around it. Hairs turned to rock as I stared at this monster, this gargantuan evil, yet all I saw was a broken boy, too simple to even function, wheeled around like a trophy. I wondered, how could THIS be evil? And as his deformed body shifted, and the void of his pupils hit mine, I understood. Rage incarnate spewed venomously out of the side of his cornea, and a word rumbled across my cranium like a tectonic quake: SLAUGHTER My mind splintered, and as the chunks transcended reality, the red glow stopped.