"I am not your next door neighbor, Calvin," the nude man said from his crouched position in the six-foot deep hole. Calvin's boot toes protruded over the clean-cut edge before the great, spherical hole. He leaned over, 12-gauge steadied and pointed at the nude man's shaven head. "Jesus, Henry! Tell me what the fuck you are doing - what the hell is this hole doing in my livin' room and what happened to my wife." He lifted the gun higher. "You tell me right now. And you know I'll shoot, I done it before to your jackass dog when it tried to bite me!" Slowly, the nude man raised himself from the crouched position and faced Calvin. The man looked Calvin over, up and down, examined his close cropped haircut, sun-worn face, and dark leather jacket and faded blue jeans that hung loose over his tan country-rodeo boots. "Nice jacket," the man said. Calvin squinted and his mouth formed into an incredulous, "What?" The man turned and pointed across the living room to the entrance of the kitchen. A heavy, zig-zag trail of blood marred the carpet surface. Calvin stepped back from the man and looked into the kitchen. "Wha - It's Henry!" He shouted. "It's Henry! His belly's lying out and he's got no legs and it's only half a him! Only half!" The blood was not there when Calvin had come home five minutes prior to discover broken windows and papers strewn about the floor. "Oh my God, Henry." "Henry has been terminated," the man said. "You did this!" Calvin shouted. He swung around, eyes wide, legs unsteady. He fired his 12-gauge at the nude man. The pellet blast sent the man backwards in a shockwave of splintering wood and spattering blood. The living room lit up like a camera had flashed the room, dust shook from the ceiling, and the plastic shotgun shell popped and rolled down the dirt slope of the sphere. But the man did not grimace with pain. He stood and, with blood dripping in a current down his legs and arms, climbed from the hole. "You fucking psycho!" Calvin fired another burst of pellets into the man. The room flashed again and the shotgun blast rattled the house, sending pots and pans in the kitchen ringing and knocking family pictures from the living room fireplace mantle. Calvin reached for his pocket to load another round. The man suddenly leapt forward and yanked the gun from Calvin's hands, tossing it to a back corning of the room. "Sit down," he said, in monotone. Calvin held the unloaded round in his hand as if he were looking at food for the first time in years. "You can't, you? Nobody tells me - My wife is - ." The man cleaved Calvin in the chest and sent him flying across the room. Both bone and an unfired shotgun shell clattered to the floor. "Good, now you are sitting." Calvin continued to lay on the floor, whimpering while holding a hand over his face as if to protect himself from another strike from the monster before him. "I am not a human," the man began. "I'm a cybernetic organism, model 101 from Cyberdyne Systems - living tissue over a metal endoskeleton. From the future." He looked towards the kitchen, "Henry was caught in the time displacement field. You're wife must have been affected by the electric disturbance. Now, please, give me your jacket." Calvin slipped off the jacket, tossed it to the man, and scrambled, on all fours, to the farthest corner of the room. "Thank you," the man said, picking up the shotgun and opening it. He scooped up the unfired round, loaded it, and snapped the shotgun shut. "I was looking for a Calvin." -012