"Tell me boy, what do you see in our new students?" the headmaster asked me, staring intently at the door through which they had just left. The headmaster knew - he had known for a long time - about my peculiar gift. I could see the danger in people. I could tell with a glance that manifested as a number in my head, on a simple one to ten scale. Dr. Butler, the headmaster, said the perfect wholeness and symmetry of the numbers was a sure sign that this was a gift from God, and as such I was to use it to warn all good Christians of His enemies. "Most of the boys are a three or four," I told him. I glanced at the headmaster's ledger. At the top of each page was written, Shrewsbury School for Boys and at the bottom Anno Dmoini 1818. Each new boy's name was written on the left, and as he read aloud each one, I gave the number. "Davies?" "Three." "Smith?" "Two." "Roberts?" "Four." "Hughes?" "Seven." "Seven? " "Yes, sir." I stirred uncomfortably in my chair as the headmaster wrote an extended not in his ledger, shaking his head at the horribly dangerous boy Hughes. Normally a seven was reserved for a full grown man who had served at least one tour in the military, or for certain criminal types. "Dr. Butler," I interrupted him. "Yes boy, what is it?" "The seven..... that's not the highest number I saw today." "You saw an eight? Good grief, which one was that?" "No sir, not an eight. A ten." The colour drained from the headmaster's face as he sat suddenly frozen in his chair. "You're sure?" he asked, "Absolutely sure?" I nodded, the fear showing in my face as well. "Well out with it then, which one was it?!" The headmaster was half standing over the ledger, reaching for more paper and his seals. Presumably all the teachers and staff would be warned about this boy. I leaned over the desk and looked down the ledger, trying to find the name. "This one," I said, pointing, "down at the bottom of the first page." The headmaster seemed surprised. "Are you absolutely sure?" he asked, "Why, his brother has been with us for four years already, and he is no more than a three." "He is a ten," I said, confirming. Dr. Butler began moving about his desk again, mumbling to himself about how he must warn everybody, and that any bad behavior from this boy would be entirely unacceptable. I just sat and stared at that name, which would now haunt me as the only ten I would ever see: Darwin.