" What if we pump good smells into the living areas but bad smells into the bedrooms? " said Jenkins. I massaged my temples then rubbed my eyes. " Really? Why don't we just make everyone eat beans for every meal? " Jenkins nodded. He scribbled something down on his notepad. " Good idea. " " Stop sucking up, Jenkins, " I yelled. Zeleny leaned back in his chair. He threw a ball up in the air and caught it. " Why did corporate give us all the crappy Vaults? " " We can't do cannibalism. We can't do all women and one man. We can't do clones. All the good stuff is gone, " I said. " What is we make all the food the wrong color? " said Jenkins. Zeleny sat up straight. He missed his next catch and let the ball hit the ground. " Like blue steak? Green bread? " " Is it all edible? " I said. " Of course, " said Jenkins. " We'd have to change the color every once and a while. People would get used to it, " I said. " Once they've gotten used to the food color we can make it smell different, " said Zeleny. " Like cheese that smells like peanut butter or sweet buns that smell like clamato juice. " I slammed my fist on the desk in celebration. " We're on the right track with this. Keep coming at me. " " What if all the food is runny? Like runny rice. Runny green beans. Soggy bread. All of it still edible, " said Jenkins. " We could make a random number of meals slurry. Just mix everything up together and turn it into liquid, " said Zeleny. " How are we going to control all of this? " I said. " We can't have the people choosing what they're eating. It could ruin the scheduling, " said Zeleny. " A ' bot, " exclaimed Jenkins. " FoodBot. The Iron Chef. Whatever. It would be the one that makes everything and gets the food out of lock up. Make all crop growing automated. No human interaction. In fact, none of the residents will see anything of the food except what is put on their plate. Completely automated from seed to table, " said Jenkins. " Complete detachment from the entire food process? " I thought about it. " It seems perfect. " I shrugged. " Or at least as good as our team will do. " " I like it, " said Zeleny. " I think it's got legs. " I leaned back in my chair. " Good. Draw up the details. I want them in by EBD Friday. This might get corporate off our backs if we do it well. " Thanks for reading! If you liked this check out my subreddit rPunsareLazy.