" Welcome to Void. " " What? What's happening? Where am I? " " My great peer, you've been quite popular for quite some time. " From the group an Egyptian man stepped out and spoke. Peering almost pitifully at the grandfather figure standing in front of him, the Egyptian knew it was confusing. He too had once been confused. " You've never heard of this place, I assume. Not many do in their times. This is Void. It is..... " hanging his head low, now knowing how to explain the situation, he paused. " It is..... " He stepped back into the crowd and looked at the other figures around him. Surely one of them could explain it better. This time, an elderly man stepped out. Standing face to face, two old white guys with beards and flowing white hair. It would be easy to mistake them for each other, but a fatal mistake that would be. Their times were only a few thousand years apart. Not so long in the grand scale of things, and meaningless in the timeless Void. The greatest difference in their appearance was that the new arrival was quiet and gentle. The other man was the epitome of physical perfection and held in his hand a bolt. Zeus spoke. God pleaded. Zeus continued. God again interrupted with his pleading. Rage materialized in Zeus's eyes, uncertainty in God's. Finally, Zeus cut off God in the middle of his begging. " You fool. Did you really think you could keep hold of people forever? Many of us lost out to you, you lose out to knowledge. A glorious thing, that is. The keeper of all things had let out too much too quickly and his slaves realized that there was no reason to keep him around. A glorious and loving god managed to rule for two millennia. Impressive. However, this is the end. This is where all gods come when the people stop believing. It has been this way for..... a long time. Maybe forever? No one here is really sure, only one of us has been around a long time. Another grandpa pushed through the massive crowd. It seemed like everyone here was old. Had they been here long, or had they aged prior to death? " My name is Father Time. I've been here since the beginning, although this place is the end. Not even I know how it came to be. It doesn't make sense so claim it's always been here though. " He inhaled deeply and rasped out, " It doesn't make sense to say that anything has always been and always will be, now does it. " " You were never a god! Just an idea! An arbitrary idea imagined up by filthy men! Nobody believes in you anymore! I was benevolent, I kept humanity going for two thousand years, what will they do without me? " " It does not matter what they do without you, as you were just an idea. I was an idea. Zeus here was an idea. Your first greeter, Ozymandias, he was just an idea. Just imagined up by men. And when imagination runs dry, they destroy statues of us. Then we come here. And then we wait. " Father Time turned and started to walk to the back of the crowd. " Wait for what? " No reply. " Wait for what, I asked! What are we waiting for? What do we do here? " Everyone began to turn and shuffle away, except for Ozymandias. Ozymandias looked on at God and shook his head. " We wait for new gods to take control. Further, we await their arrival. We've been waiting for you, now you wait for them. " Critique is quite welcome. I'm also not good at grammar. Or writing.