"I..... I can't," it was barely a whisper. "Oh..... Okay..... Can I ask why?" After weeks of angst I deserved that much at least. "No. Please, just no." The please caught me off guard. More than that, it was her tone. She was pleading with me, begging almost. "Fine. That's fine." I turned and practically sprinted away. Rejection had never come easy to me, which is why I never put myself out there. It was why I had made it through high school without a girlfriend. It could also explain how I was still working at a fast food chain. The thought of quitting gave me far too much anxiety. Miserable job, until Riley walked through the door. She was so beautiful it hurt. The type of pain I could never get enough of. No use dwelling in it. The next week was a blur; go to work, off to school, back home. The funny thing was I kept catching Riley staring at me out of the corner of my eye. I just ignored her, but it left me uneasy. I didn't like to think about it. That is until the day I was mindlessly pushing the broom across the floor and someone grabbed my arm. My heart jumped as I looked up and was met with two radiant, blue eyes. "We need to talk," she was whispering again yet she still managed to sound urgent. I dumbly nodded my head and she dragged me into the manager's office. She shut the door behind us and glanced quickly around the room. "Uh..... What..." She never let me finish. "There is no time. Look, I really like you. I know I was short with you the other day but I promise it was for the right reasons." She liked me. That was all I could hear, echoing in my mind over and over. She liked me! "Oh..... So, what reasons?" My mind barely churned out any thought. "I need you to understand, I don't involve people in my life. It is just too dangerous. I can never stay in a place for too long. It might be a few days or weeks, but sooner or later they always find me." A strand of brilliant red hair bounced across the bridge of her nose. Her eyes captured me. They were deep as the ocean. "I have to leave today." "No!" It was out before I could register. "You can't." "I have to. I wish I could explain. We don't have time right now. I want to. I just..... I have been so alone. I'm so tired of never having anyone. I know it isn't fair and part of me hopes you will say no..... But..." Her eyes welled with tears. I was truly drowning in them now. I could hardly think. Could I leave my family? Give up everything I knew? For who, the pretty girl I understood nothing about? None of that mattered though. I knew before she asked what I would do. I was never very good at saying no anyway.