The teacher was, as most teachers are, boring. The subject matter didn't help at all. Even the real maths nerds were struggling to keep their eyes open and everyone else..... Well, they were all looking out of the window. Martin included. The school was covered in a thick layer of snow. A week ago the skies had opened and the soft white stuff had fallen from the sky like a Christmas Miracle. A few seconds of bliss, dreams about snowball fights and frozen pipes sending everyone home, had been interrupted abruptly when George had opened his mouth. "It's May. Why is it snowing?" Martin had crumpled at that, realising that his friend was right. Something weird was happening again. Any other school could have been freak weather patterns but not here. Not in this little neck of the woods. The lesson continued and the snow fell. Every student was wistfully staring at it, wanting to run out and play in the pristine playground. It was temptingly-smooth. No one could resist just tramping through it. Kicking it about. Throwing it and lying in it. Over a lunchtime it would be messed up and then the snows would fall heavily again. Within the hour everything would be coated again. Smooth. Untouched. Martin tried to focus on the lesson but to no avail. His eyes dragged themselves back to the icing-smooth snow. No one was out there to disrupt its natural beauty. Everyone else in the school had just accepted this new way of life, just like always. Maybe there was something in the water that people prone to dismissing things. A few weeks ago there had been a circus set up in assembly hall that had been turning people into clowns. Now no one remembered that. No one remembered Martin battling an evil ringmaster during rollcall. Well, that wasn't strictly true. Some people did but their recollection was hazy. "Oh yea, isn't that crazy? What happened there?" They would ask that whenever the subject was brought up and then immediately lose interest, wandering away without waiting for an answer, leaving Martin and George exasperated. This snow was like that. It was unusual. That meant danger. By the time the bell rang everyone was in a stupor. Books were slammed, bags unzipped, loaded up, and then zipped again. Slinging them over their shoulders the students formed a disorderly mob that shoved at the doors to reclaim their freedom. Only Martin looked back out of the window. There, in the exact centre of the yard, was a snowman. Coal-eyes stared back. Martin shivered. It wasn't until he was in the cafeteria with George that he realised what had been wrong about that scene. No one had been in the yard and there were no footsteps anywhere to be seen. There had simply been a snowman where there had been nothing. This seems like a natural place to pause. Everything I've written from this point is spiralling into something that's getting very convoluted that I would like to take the time and do justice. If this caught your fancy try [ this other story set at the same school. ] (https: )