"You have talent, son," Stefan's father growled. "You can be our family's next practitioner. And you're ready to toss it away? To move to America and sing COUNTRY music?" Erik Dahl towered over his son, scowling as he gripped his guitar with one hand. Stefan knew his father was only minutes away from breaking out into a Solo. He shoved his hands in his pockets so Erik wouldn't see them trembling. "I just want to..... explore, I guess. I like other things than Metal, dad! Is that so terrible?" "Yes, since you ask. It's sacrilege. There's a reason Metal reigns supreme," Erik snapped. "And I'll be damned if a son of mine tosses his gift away, the hold you could have over life and death itself! For country music magic. When you have the power to turn lyrics into reality, you don't choose to sing about unrequited love and roadtrips! You disgust me." "That was just an example of what I'd like to explore," Stefan sighed, regretting the day he'd first mentioned the'C' word. "C'mon, dad. Why is it so wrong to practice more than one style of music?" "It's unnatural. You were born a Metal practitioner, and that's that. My word is final, son," Erik said. He grabbed Stefan's hands roughly and handcuffed him. That way, Stefan wouldn't be able to play guitar and do anything drastic for the time being. He swept from the room and slammed the door shut, locking it behind him. Stefan was just relieved Erik hadn't subdued him with his latest song: Obedience until Death. He didn't think the title was coincidental. Stefan sat down on his bed, glumly considering Plan B. It would take some doing, but it might just be crazy enough to work. Not being able to play guitar could be a problem, though. He'd need some help. He took a deep breath and dialled the number on his phone, struggling a bit with his tied-up hands. The number of the girl he couldn't stop thinking about. They'd seen one another's music videos, the typical way these things started. The pull she had over him was magnetic. One could even say magical. It rang three times before she picked up. "Taylor," he whispered, so his dad couldn't hear him. "I need your help." He explained what he needed, and put the phone on loudspeaker. Two voices were always better than one. "Shake it off! Shake it off!" he growled along to her sweeping vocals. Soon, the cuffs fell from his hands. He picked up the phone. "Okay, I've got an idea for getting to you, babe," he said, glancing at the door. His dad could hear him at any moment. They'd need to sing quickly. "We'll need to give the best performance of our lives, though. My dad could hear us and start singing himself. I need to teleport to your side. It's my Wildest Dream, actually." "Well, it helps that you're tall and handsome as hell," she chuckled. "Let's do it. I really think we have a chance. Country Metal will rule the world yet, mark my words." He started singing along with her. By the time Erik broke through the door, it was too late. The Metal kingdom's heir was gone. "Nooooo!" he let loose a guttural howl. He gritted his teeth and fingered his guitar's strings. He wouldn't see the power of Metal disgraced like this. He had a few tricks up his sleeves. He'd secretly been working on this new song ever since the boy had first spoken of his perverse interests. Prolicide Songs were almost unheard of - but he was Erik Dahl. He dared where others shrank back in horror. And it would be such a Metal thing to do. He could always have more sons, anyway. "And the son shall writhe in PAIN! " he began screaming, shredding his way through the riffs. "For betrayal will be paid for in BLOOD! Maggots shall feast on his eyes, He will scream as he's ground into the mud! And Country will weep at the sound of his cries. But none will be able to do anything, His spasming body will be out of their reach, He will choke on his own blood as he tries to sing, But in vain, for now he's food for a leech, And it will start with his heart twisting in pain. The torture and terror will drive him insane. If only he'd stuck to metal and listened to his father, But no, now he'll just be a cadaver. DIE! EFFIN' STEFAN! DIIIIIIEEEE! " In America, Stefan felt a sharp, lancing pain in his chest. "Oh no," he breathed. "I think my dad's trying to kill me." Taylor's lips trembled. "Don't say it," he warned, while trying to think of a song to counter his father's music. "I guess you got bad blood," she sniggered. "Sorry, couldn't resist. Okay, how can I help?"