Stage entrances of theaters are often on quiet streets or alleys, and using them always makes me a little nervous, and glad I have a bodyguard. So when I heard a sound of a scuffle behind me I turned quickly enough to see two men muscling Chico into a black car, a hand over his mouth. At the same moment two strong hands gripped me from behind. " Chico! " I screamed, but it was too late. Though I'm as fit as any dancer, this was a big man and I was no match for him. Another man in a suit with a nondescript face like every thug in every movie I've ever seen appeared in front of me and held up a badge. " Don't be alarmed. We're not criminals, we're the Secret Service. " Right, I thought, in too much of a panic to examine the badge. There was no one to hear me scream, so I didn't try again. Frightened though I was, I still have my dignity. Besides, I have a tracker in my purse and my agent would be able to locate me. " We've been in touch with your agent, and you should have a text message from him, " said the guy I'll call Mr. Z. " Go ahead and check. " It said " Just go along with them. It's a command performance! Will be great for your career. " " What the fuck! " I managed to reply before Mr. Z took my phone. Then he and the big man, Mr. XXZ, blindfolded me. I felt myself being shoved into another car. We rode in silence for half an hour. Then I was taken out and walked a short distance, through a revolving door and across a tiled floor into an elevator. I guessed that we went up about 20 stories, then down another hall and through a door. My blindfold was removed. Although I've stayed in suites in five-star hotels for the past few years, and performed in some luxury resorts, I'd never seen anything like this apartment. Gold everywhere, polished mahogany and other exotic woods, crystal chandeliers, floor to ceiling windows with a great skyline view. A 20-foot-long bar was laden with dozens of fancy hors d'oeuvres, but oddly enough, no liquor. Sitting lost in the middle of an enormous velvet sofa was a rather handsome fourteen-year-old boy in a tailored suit. " Samantha, it's really you! " he exclaimed. " It's my birthday, and Dad said he was going to do something totally fantastic for me, but I never dreamed of this! Dad must love me as much as I love you! " Though my knees were trembling and I still thought I might faint, at least I now knew where I was. Mr. Z and Mr. XXZ had withdrawn and it was just me and the boy. " So are you Brendan? " I ventured. " Of course! Don't you know me? I thought you would. I love you so much. I have all your albums and videos and I've been to three of your concerts but I was in VIP boxes and you couldn't see me. Since you're here, just sing me two or three songs and then we can chat for a while, then you can go. I want us to be friends. " I took a few deep breaths and then sat in an armchair. " I'm sorry, Brendan, I don't think I can do that. I'm not an admirer of your father and I never would have come here on my own. Besides, I don't have..... " My phone beeped and there was a text message. " Just do it! We're getting a million bucks. " I sighed and put the phone back. " Look, Brendan, I don't have my band or even a guitar, and I always use certain electronics..... " " I don't care! Just sing a capella, you'll be great! Have some snacks first, relax and make yourself at home. " I'm going to kill my agent, and then I'm going to fire him, and then I'm going to sue him. If this kid hears me sing a capella, and word gets out, it won't help my career at all. And he won't want to be my friend any more. That's too bad, he's kind of cute, unlike his dad.