Today was the day he was getting transferred. Jack was extremely excited. They liked to call it "transfer" instead of teleportation. It was total read of his body on a molecular level, which was sent from one MTU (Molecular Transfer Unit) to another. Jack had explained it to me a couple of times. "The most fascinating thing about this is that we humans are so complex, that the amount of data sent exceeds what is possible to store! So they made it a continuous operation! And the quantum computer is so fast, it can write almost instantaneously! You transfer, and then it's gone." He stared at me while opening his hands "Poof!." I always liked that about him. His enthusiasm for details. "The beauty lies in the details" was his motto. Never the big things. When me and Mark had a baby, he didn't jump and shout for us. But the day he first saw our little Heath, he just stared for ages. "He's got your smile..." I was there for transfer. He was allowed 3 personal friends, but I was the only one he asked. We were 15 people in the room. 2 of them had cameras to document the experiment. Jack stripped naked while going into the MTU. "I'm going to be full of plastic if I wear some kind of condom suit. That would've been catastrophic!" had he laughed when I asked him. Then it started. The MTU started vibrating immensely from the sheer force of energy flowing through. The room shook with it, and suddenly small ripples opened in the air. Small ripples of light. We all ran for our lives towards the door. "WHAT IS GOING ON?" screamed one of the scientists. "Click." The weirdest sound I have ever heard. "Click." Like a drop falling down in a puddle, but the drop was more solid. Like solid liquid. "Click." and everything stopped! The shaking, the ripples, the lights and electricity. It all disappeared. "Click." Then it all came back. I looked straight at the MTU where Jack had been a second ago, but he was gone. I felt chaos rising to the top of my head. Suddenly the room erupted in applause. Jack was standing at the other MTU, clearly exhausted. He He dropped to the floor before the support staff could reach him, carrying him away to the Med. apartment. Jack had warned me it was going to get rough. "The MTU needs an insane amount of power to be able to send all that information so quickly. It gets transferred on a different level than ours. It's the only way, and to access that level, we need A LOT of energy. Like a hidden backdoor, so to speak." It took 10 days before I could see him. They did all kinds of tests, to ensure his safety, but he was finally cleared, both mentally and physically. "Beyond comprehension" they said. He was in stellar shape. We took a walk down road connecting the main building to the Med. apartment. We talked about life. Food. Watching the world from a mountain, and details. We sat down on a bench. He looked at me. Inspected me. Then he diverted his gaze to the ground and started whispering "I.... I couldn't breathe.... In there. That place. I just kept walking, looking for some kind of exit. I walked for what felt like years. And then I saw you. It was you, but it wasn't you. Your hair didn't curl the same way, your freckles were different. And I never saw you smile. And it killed me. Over and over again." His face was stern. Eyes wicked. His attitude was changed. "You see, when I saw me dying, over and over again, I did something. Something unforgivable. I killed myself. Or him. Or me. And I walked his walk. My walk. Always watching you. Still not smiling!" His mouth turned into a twisted grin "Let's put a smile on that face!"