The thin lines of grey light streamed through the blinds not strong enough to land anywhere, evaporating in the musty air. Her thin fingers reached out to touch is face, the meeting of the two sparked something and suddenly the air sudden swished with the inhale of those in witness. She smiled with a deep gaze of love and wonder, such beauty she thought. Leaning back she sat quietly thinking about all the beautiful faces she had seen and remembered the first time she saw Trenton. She was standing facing the stage watching as bodies swayed and jumped when her eye was drawn to him, dancing clearly for himself only. God she loved that about him, the passion and abandon he allowed himself when he danced. She looked over to her friend, pointed and said, Him. Later she heard "Love will tear us apart" playing in the other room, she knew her time had come. She walked to the middle of the floor and began to lose herself in the beats, the words and the sorrow. She also knew he was there, watching. Casting out glances, she drew him in. Soon they were dancing next to one another you could see the music between them moving with them in perfect rhythm. And so it began, their fate forever sewn together in that dance. A cough brought her back to the room. The sudden transition from the dance floor to the stuffy hospital room was disorienting for and for few seconds she in both rooms until she once again saw that beautiful face. Her heart swelled, tears began to stream and for a moment she felt she had disappeared, lost in the love. Leaning forward more deeply this time, she wanted a kiss, just to feel that soft pulsing skin upon her lips and dream of days when her skin glowed so full. "No, that's not why you're here." "Fine" - she said with irritation Her hand reached up once more, this time she touched his forehead and let the sounds, colors and images stream through her. In the rush of the exchange, she caught it, the information they were looking for, the reason she was brought here. "Yes," she sighed Smug smiles and self congratulatory glances were shared with the witnesses. "Take him" The infant was torn from his mothers arms and handed over to the handler who was paid a hefty sum to then wipe this memory from the mother's mind and replace it with a year's worth of college abroad. She was then wheeled out and as the elevator doors closed in front of her, she whispered softly, "It was good to see you again my love, if only for a moment"