JR, one of the wealthiest men in the world stands staring out his office window. His mind is mulling over microcontrollers while he watches the gardeners going about their business on his estate. His thoughts merge into a conclusion, it was time. The plan had been in the works for almost four years now, this was the last piece. Turning, he reaches out and hits the intercom button. " Stacey, please execute plan 17b ." A female voice responds, " Yes sir ." JR turns back to the window, his thoughts once again wandering over his plan to seize control of the valuable patents. The last person in his way would be boarding a plane in two weeks. If four of the five patent holders are dead, patent ownership goes to the last man standing. You don't get to billionaire status without bending a few rules. You don't get to richest man in the world without killing a few people. Smiling at the thought, JR turns his mind to more important matters. With the patents under his control he must get busy forcing the market into his monopoly. Stacey pulls up her spreadsheet and scrolls down to plan 17. Expanding the tree, she sees 17a, 17b, 17c and 17d. Thinking to herself, this is a big one, she clicks the plus to expand 17b. She is to contact John Smith. The number appears to be Asian, although its not a familiar one. The passphrase is " all dogs go to heaven ." Smiling now, she grabs the phone. Billionaires really are crazy people. The strain of having that much money is tough. But for Stacey, this is her favorite part. Its like working for a spy agency. She doesn't know who is doing what, but she gets to deliver the message. She can hear the phone ringing at the other end. It picks up, a mans voice says hello, " this is John Smith ." Stacey responds with " all dogs go to heave " pauses.... " all dogs go to heaven ." John responds, " I have heard that all dogs go to heaven ." There is a moment of silence, he hangs up. Now smiling Stacey starts thinking about lunch. John hangs up the phone and gets back to drinking his coffee. This wasn't the first time he had received such a call. Assessing the situation, he makes the call to sit for another five minutes. John gets paid to be discrete, he cant give any appearance of an operation. Once back at the office he logs into his computer, pulls up the VPN and connects to a mysterious server. His software is so locked down he can't even see the server name. These guys don't mess around. The connection light turns green, an application opens up with a text bar. John types in the passphrase, its accepted and a message comes back. He is to pick up a letter and deliver it to a taxicab driver. Leaning back in his chair John lets out a sigh. Lets hope this goes smooth. Aiman, a Malaysian cab driver only worked for the mob part time. He didn't like the fighting, drugs or prostitution. But the money was right and he was happy to have some excitement. Lighting up a cigarette Aiman looked at the business mans outstretched arm. He held an envelope and a paper with the name and address of Dr Quah. Looking up, the business man speaks fluent Iban; " This is your highest priority ." Aiman barely has time to acknowledge as the business man turns and walks away. Aiman climbs back into his cab and starts it up. Pulling away he grabs the radio. There is already an understanding. He calls in sick and makes his way towards the highway. Dr Quah was in impatient man but knew the game. The American drug companies would put you out of business if you didn't play ball. So when the envelope came he was not surprised. It had the right letterhead and had the right names. He was to stop using his normal schizophrenic medication and switch to a new brand. The warning was strait forward. There were concerns about side effects and it needed to be kept quiet. Sure enough a package had arrived that morning with the replacement meds. Pausing for a moment Dr Quah wasn't even sure how many patients he had who were prescribed the drug. After checking the records, there were three. One was a pilot, that should be the first call. Passing it off to his nurse, he gave no more thought to change. Capt. Zaharie Ahmad Shah wasn't sure about his new meds. They didn't seem to be as potent but, he had a job to do. His schedule was busy through next two weeks. The flight today was MH370 to Beijing. A short little hop with a 36hour lay over. It was unusual to get such a long layover but, was a welcome break to his schedule.