THE GERMAN BRINDLED DWARF Relatively small (6-10 ft), brown with mottled black, tan, and white spots along the ridge of its back. Prominent spikes that begin at the nape of the neck and continue past the base of the tail; short, powerful limbs used to climb trees. Produces an intense, green bronchial flame that is often seen at night above the treeline. NOTE: this species is identified as THREATENED by the World Dragon Conservation Fund (WDCF). Approximately 3,000 are currently thought to exist in the wild. Since prehistory, the Brindled Dwarf has inhabited the ancient Schwartzwald (Black Forest) of Northern Bavaria. Its diminutive size allows it to deftly navigate the undergrowth, speeding through the trees in pursuit of prey. Until the arrival of humans in Europe, its preferred meal was the giant Megalocerus or, when available, the cave bear. The arrival of Homo sapiens," however, initiated one of the bloodiest and most significant events in natural history. We know from cave drawings that the initial years of Cro-Magnon in central Europe were intensely violent. Their migration from the Middle East into Sub-glacial Europe was met by a variety of megafauna with whom these early people had no previous experience: not only dragons but also giants, trolls, and werewolves stalked the forests of Bavaria. In time, each of these were subdued by human ingenuity and weapons - all but the dragons. Hunters and those who went out foraging were picked off easily. Cave art from this period depicts Dwarf dragons springing from trees, charging through the undergrowth, and disemboweling entire families. The nightly terror experienced by Paleolithic humans must have been dreadful indeed. Huddled together, they would have heard the telltale snorting and chirping just paces away from the cave entrance. Occasionally, the darkness would be lit up by bursts of green flame, illuminating the terrified faces of those around them. Their only weapon against dragons was the longspear, which was, of course, only effective at short range. And, once at short range, there was very little hope of survival. The advent of the throwing spear, followed by the bow and arrow, marked a turning point in the war between Man and Draconis. Suddenly, man was able to project weapons beyond his own vulnerable body, driving the dragons back into the hills and wresting control of the forest from its ancient lords. By the Middle Ages, passage through the Black Forest was considered relatively safe and the population of Draconis had thinned dramatically. It is assumed by most natural historians that thus began a period of tense avoidance by both parties, which lasted until the present day. There is, however, the matter of the Beastmounters. There exist small, isolated communities of forest folk who claim to be in peaceful contact with Dwarf dragons - and, in fact, claim dominion over them. These individuals describe subduing wild dragons, approaching them slowly while casting various spells of appeasement and self-protection. The dragons, in turn, lower themselves to the ground and allow the spellcaster to climb on their backs. A specially-forged chain of unknown metal is slipped over the dragon's head and off they go, sprinting into the night. Dwarf Brindles do not fly, but rather run at tremendous speeds through the trees and across meadows, splashing through creeks and leaping over fallen logs. For reasons naturalists are still trying to work out, the dragons always return Beastmounters to their homes after these nightly forays, alone and unharmed. No scientific reason has yet been given for why this strange truce should hold, but it always does - Man and Dragon racing together through the forest primeval.