Grey was everywhere. It was in the sky, on the ground, in peoples' eyes, under their fingernails, in the deepest of hearts, in the lakes and rivers. It began to fester and then spread like a disease. At first not many folks noticed but as it quickly began to infect the magical world of Thera, worry began to follow suit. Elves hid underground while water faries tried to seek refuge in the lakes. The somber grey followed anyone, everywhere. Nah looked out at the grey ocean where fishermen once reveled. No one bothered to catch fish anymore, just like no one bothered to hunt or bake. All duty fell to Nah, a young male with light blue hair and ruby eyes. His form was toned with muscles but those only came recently when he began shouldering the weight of his small town. He would fish and clean whatever he could catch. He would then make his rounds to all the homes where no one did anything. He delivered food to each home once a day. When the sun dipped down below the calm water, Nah could finally return home. Unlike his friends and neighbors, he wasn't depressed. His faith had been rattled but not destroyed. Last month he walked tot he next town and found it in ruin. People were dead, starved to death as if they just gave up on everything. Nah hadn't been able to use a horse because even the animals were becoming indifferent to running and hunting themselves. He knew he couldn't help everyone so he focused on those in his own town, those he knew and hoped could shake off the oppression of defeat. As he walked down to the docks to begin another day of hard labor and deep thinking, Nah spotted a bright object in the sand. He jogged down and picked up the object. It was a mirror. He looked at it and studied his own face. His eyes looked back at him, fire still present, still flickering inside of him. As he studied himself, the background changed and his back was no longer to his home, but to another place. A large pastel pink castle with red banners and white horses. It was all majestic. He turned and saw his town, grey as ever. Nah looked back to the mirror, back now to the ocean and he saw a town cascading down a series of hills. People were exiting shops, their arms full of goods. The colors were so bright that his eyes began to ache as he studied the untouchable image. He lowered his arm and questioned if such a place existed. He had never left his seaside village but knew the capital was rumored to be as beautiful as what he had seen. Had the world fallen into decay or was there hope somewhere else? He brought the mirror back to his face, the ocean slowly brushed against the sand, the only footprints there were his own.