"T-minus 10 minutes" a robotic female voice said over the loudspeaker. In someways it reminded me of my PhD advisor, cold and unnerving. After my recent research on migrating dwarf-planets I had been drafted by the UN peacekeeping force on a joint coalition to divert an earth-shattering collision. Our decision was just to nuke the hell out of it, barbaric I know. It wasn't my first choice, but the group decided it would be the most effective and I believed them. "T-minus 5 minutes." I found myself drifting off into thought about what if we failed. I decided to dismiss it and watch the interns run around like ants. It was oddly humorous to see them with their faces in their touchpads scurrying around. I look over at the coalition leader. Unsurprisingly America had decided to take the lead on this one. It was a very Hollywood scene. Like this was all for someone's amusement. Huh..... "T-minus 1 minute." It was time to move into action and see how our efforts had payed off. I could hear a rumbling starting in the distance. "T-minus 10, 9, 8..." People are running around scrambling, but I think to myself we got this. "6, 5, 4" I look at the screen and see our progress, I'm pretty proud of myself. "2, 1, 0" The missiles began their liftoff and I watch the results on the screen. I feel proud, we did it. People are watching in anticipation and we see a collision. Everything went great! We did it people are cheering and smiling and hugging each other. I look back at the monitors and my heart just drops. It wasn't enough. Even worse it seems that we sent some of the larger parts of the debris headed directly towards us. I start scrambling around looking for something to do or something to say, when I hear a yelled "Oh shit!" Everyone looked at the screen and just stopped. Mr. American general ran over to the phone to call the president and we watched on screen as nuke after nuke hit the debris but to no avail to stop the incoming asteroid. I listen as a myriad of different languages and voices call out to their gods and loved ones. I look down in desperation and then I wake up. I'm in my bed. I'm in my pj's. My Saturn pj's nonetheless. I look around and its a beautiful day outside and the drone of my alarm on my phone fills my ears. "What happened?" I say aloud. I turn off my alarm and see that the date is wrong. It should be the 17th not the 10th. I decide to go to work anyways. "Good morning Gwen!" I hear the cheering secretary say as I walk in. I kinda just wave at him walking past and then think to turn around. "What day is it John?" "Why its Monday!" Still as cheery as ever. "You know you look awfully down for someone who might help save the world next week." Next week..... "Wait that was yesterday." I say to myself. I give John a weird look and tell him to have a good one. Well if today is one week ago that means I can stop this. I have for some reason another chance. I'm not going to waste this. This time I'm assertive and I explain we have to do this carefully, do a selective detonation. On the faithful day I receive the same robotic voice, the same uplift, the same disappointment, and the same Saturn pj's. I tried again at least 4 lifetimes worth of failure. I've tried getting anyone and everyone involved. I've had to kill people to get a different outcome, but I never gave up. I'm sure I've done everything at least 5 times just to see if there is some chance in all of this, but to no avail it seems the end of the world is inevitable. This time, what seems like the millionth time, I awake in these Saturn pj's that I've learned to hate and I buy a ticket to Brazil. I live out most of my week and on Saturday I fly out there. I take a few buses and walk a ways. I camp out in a field and check the GPS on my phone. "Yup" this is the place I say inside my head I hear a ringing "T-minus 10 minutes" as I look up at the sky and I finally understand what Nirvana means.