Slowly, the smoke wound its way upwards, blotting out the moon and stars. But the night was not dark. Down below, a great fire roared, crackling from building to building. Screams laced through the air, hooves thundered against cobblestones and steel rang against steel. The smoke was but a part of what had been wrought that day. Of the destruction. Of the suffering. Of the victory. Hearing footsteps behind him, he snapped out of his trance. Dressed in red old-fashioned clothes with wide sleeves and a broad-brimmed hat, he whirled. Outlined by the fire, he made a terrible figure as if it rose behind him at his command. "Well, you're late" he snapped impatiently The approaching man stopped. He was dressed identically in dark blue but behind him was only the night. Deep, dark and ominous. Shadows played across his face from the massacre below. "My apologies" he purred, an odd voice for the figure "some things had to be..... sorted out. You're not the only one getting action" From the dark came a smile. It wasn't a comforting, or a playful smile. It advised no further questions. Sleep wouldn't come easy after the answers. "Forget it" the other answered "Since I had to unleash the fire all by myself He winced as the man dressed in blue laughed. Loudly. A dangerous glint possessed the other man's eyes as he waited for him to finish. Slowly, it died down. "What's so funny, eh?" he said, growing angrier "Funny is that you think fire is hard" the voice purred in reply "fire needs to be let loose. Thats it. There's no control. No order. No discipline. Much like you brother" The blue-clad man opened his mouth to answer when the thundering of a horse started behind him. Closer than the noise of the city below him, he was instantly alert. Whirling, a rapier appeared in his hand. Down below, a man was galloping fast up the slope, oblivious to the brothers at the top. "Leave this to me" a voice purred behind him, even as he raised his hand "We need to be cautious. No one must know we were here. Fire will be no good to us. It is like a beacon, an uncontrollable blaze telling the world where we are. Your fire especially, my brother" Briskly, he stepped past him. That night, no one would see what happened. One minute the man was there, the next the horse galloped alone, as if the night had snatched him up. Frightened, the horse bolted. Looking down, the man appeared at their feet. "Your fire, my brother, has a life of its own. It's as ethereal as the aurora, vicious as a snake but as wild as a boar." the voice purred, satisfied with itself "Whereas my abilities are far more precise but just as lethal" "Yes, yes I got the point the first time he answered" he answered "Talk to me when you raze a whole city" "I would never need to be so flashy" another dark smile appeared out of darkness, speaking of things best left where they are "subtlety is key. But no matter. Let's see what our captive has to say" Both brothers stepped closer and just as quickly stopped. He was bald and missing an arm. On the man's chest a large blue flame was painted on, glowing with an unholy light of its own. The Mark. "This man was dead before he got on the horse, as were many others. Brother, your fire is not the only one that burns tonight" (To be continued)