The light shone through the window, and I arose. Day 2 of high school, commence. 30 chance of rain today, 10 chance it'll be the storm from south. When you're raised like me, you learn to calculate everything. Normally, when you're in high school, it's your mom or dad that wakes you up, makes you breakfast, and then drags you out the door into the car before you can finish it. Or pushes you out so you can catch the bus on time. For me, it was Death that shook me awake, Famine who handed me breakfast, War that shoved me out the door, and Pestilence that drove me. The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse were my caregivers. 85 chance Famine will be the one cooking, 10 it's War. Death will likely be reading the news, Pestilence is probably in the garage. However, when I went downstairs, it was only War's red glowing eyes that greeted me, face shaded like always by his helmet. "Wait, where..... where is Pestilence?" I croaked out. "Beijing" The gruff reply of War was deep, and it always chilled me to the core. But, I saw it coming. Pestilence spent most of his time in China and America. "Famine?" "West Africa." Again, not surprised, but I was thinking he'd be more south. "Death?" "Shopping." Well that was new. I quickly sat down, eating my breakfast. "Wait, but then that means..." I could feel the smile on War's face. Godammit. I quickly jumped out the car onto the curb. "Okaybye!" I quickly shut the door, but War's strong arms stopped it from fully closing. I had roughly 1 or 2 minutes before someone would come. "Remember, kid, knock'em dead, alright?" I nodded. "Sure thing!" 45 seconds. "You got Sports Club today, right? Pick you up at 3?" "Uh..... 3:30." I stammered out. Dammit just leave before people see me! "Hmm..... you think you can wait'til 4?" I quickly nodded. Is this guy wanting to be seen? He stared at me for a few seconds. "Well? You gon na leave or what?" The thought raced through my head so fast I didn't anticipate it. I quickly slammed the door. Wheeling around, there were about 5 or 6 people staring at me. I quickly eyed them up, calculating the damage to my reputation it would give me. Booth Collins, Smash Club, not much damage. Linda Ho, Book Club, would probably need to buy a book in exchange for silence. if A couple drama kids, nothing a Pepsi wouldn't fix, and..... oh god. Jenny Marshall. I've had a crush on her for years. "I swear, I can explain..." But I don't think you can explain a 7' man in armor driving you to school easily.