Chian's skin was as white as the snow's of Pluto. For the last 3 hours he had sat in the corner covering his ears and muttering incoherently. Jweek had seen ancient ruins get to people in the past, but never like this. He had sent 6 of his most experienced crew-members down that hole so far, and all six had come back broken. Deluc was the first to go in. The kid was small, even for a Centaurian, so he was usually the first to go into any tight spaces. For the first half hour or so everything seemed normal. Deluc was engaging in his usually cheerful bantering with Marcius over the radio. When the radio cut out no one was too worried by it. These ruins usually have spotty reception. After an hour of no contact we began to worry. When the team tried to investigate they found the path was blocked by a door made of some sort of ancient alloy with no method of opening it from the outside. After he had been down there almost 16 hours the door suddenly opened and Deluc was discovered comatose on the other side. The room he was in was too small for more than one person to move through at once, and Marcius volunteered himself to investigate further. Shortly after entering the room the door shut behind him and the team lost contact. This time the door remained shut for almost a full day. When it opened again they found Marcius screaming and banging his head on the wall. Jweek needed the help of three others to restrain him and bring him to the mobile hospital they had set up. Teerga, the team's medic gave him a sedative which managed to calm him down, but every time it wears off he wakes up screaming. Next the twins, Aardo and Wuchar went in. After 14 hours the doors opened to reveal the brothers had shot each other. At this point Teerga came to Jweek furious. "Captain, we can't keep sending men down there!" Jweek knew she was right, but he also knew the corporation wouldn't care. They had been sent to do a job, and if they didn't investigate these ruins, there would be no going home for them. "We have a job to do, and we're gon na see it through." was all he could think to tell her. Zarina was the most coherent when they brought her out. She was still nuts, but at least she was saying words. When Jweek went to check on her she grabbed him by the collar and pulled him close enough to see her pores "We weren't meant to be here! WE HAVE TO GO! THIS PLACE IS N'T FOR US! IF WE STAY HERE HE'LL NEVER GIVE UP!" After that Jweek was genuinely surprised when Chian volunteered to go in. Though to be fair, the guy was always a little off. Jweek wandered through the halls of the outpost they had established outside of the ruins. Everywhere he went his crew would look away from him nervously. He knew there would be no more volunteers. He descended through the hole and approached the room. After he had taken several steps inside the door shut behind him and a digital voice began to reverberate through the chamber. "Life signs detected. Initiating counter measures." As music began to play, the room began to shake violently with the force of the sound. For the first time Jweek knew true terror. "WE'RE NO STRANGERS TO LOVE!"