A small blur caught the corner of Kate's eye. For a moment Kate was scared, but upon seeing the familiar orange fur she relaxed. And then she immediately felt weepy. It was only yesterday when Patches was euthanized. Her parents, to their rare credit, had been forthcoming and honest about the poor cat's condition. Kate's BFF had reminded her that Patches was in pain and this was the best. Parents and friends, in that rare collision of conformity, had prevailed and Kate had spent the better part of the night crying. But there she was. Patches, a not-so-aptly named kitty, was a striped orange and white cat that Kate had begged and pleaded for when it turned up inside the garage that had been left open overnight. The missing miter saw took a backstage as Kate's pleas had led to a new beginning for the kitty and the family, and for a few years, they had lived in blissful harmony. It was only a few short weeks ago that the vet had told them the news and, despite a positive prognosis, Patches had unexpectedly taken a turn for the worse. And when she turned up in the corner of Kate's bedroom Kate was speechless. Patches stared at her with yellow eyes, intent but not threatening. Kate's breath held in her throat. Patches blinked, turned her head, and began washing her neck while siting on her haunches. Kate hesitated, but then slowly pushed the covers from her bed and, ever so slowly, put her legs perpendicular to the bed. Ever so slowly, Kate moved in measured movements, not wanting to scare the kitty. It didn't make sense - Patches had never been skittish, yet Kate couldn't help but to be too cautious, if only to stave off another loss. Patches continued washing, oblivious to the grieving girl. Ever so slowly, Kate's feet met the carpet. As her feet hit the floor Patches froze. Kate and Patches stared at one another, as they had in years past, so many times in the living room. Cat and Kate were motionless. Eye to eye, Kate couldn't hold on anymore, and she began to cry. Patches continued to stare at her as her tears hit the dark wood floor. Kate was lost in herself, crying for her friend, her fried she knew but barely knew, a friend she would never see again. And then a paw, a lick, a knowing butt of a furry head against the side of her hand, and there was Patches. Kate's head lifted, and the yellow eyes stared back, longingly. And slowly, as Kate lay on the floor, she fell asleep, a furry ball of heavenly orange fur beside her. Joshua had sinned before. He had done bad, he had definitely made mistakes, and he had chosen pleasure over every sacrifice in his life. Yet, as he died, he wished that, just for once, he could make someone happy. He had done so bad, and, just this once, he wanted to do good. A shadow approached, Josh's head lifted, and someone had a plan.