I don't want it. Why me? Can't it be someone else? " Is there no one else? " " No, of course not. You're the only on Blane. " " And what if I refuse? " Four of five of them looked nervously amongst one another, clearly surprised by his question. " It's not a matter of choice, Blane. " A woman said, " You know, plenty of people have taken upon this role honorably and without hesitation. You know it's an honor amongst our - " " FUCK YOUR HONOR. " He screamed at them, " Fuck your traditions, you old ways and fuck your God. " The one of the council members gasped in disgust and lifted her hand as if to shield herself from his words. But the first man who spoke stared at Blane, unabashed. " Say what you will, we care not. It is not our choice, or yours. Whether you want to or not, this is your path, this is what you were born for. " The objects on the table rattled as Blane swiftly brought his fist down upon it. He reached out his arm, palm open and swept the table clean in a single, swift and angry motion. " I DIDN'T ASK FOR THIS, AND I WON'T DO IT, " he cried, " You can't make me, I refuse Commissar. " The Commissar smiled for the first time, at least the other council members or Blane never saw him do so. " If you think you're the first to refuse, you're sorely mistaken, boy. " He spat out the last word with contempt. The Commissar stood now, and raised his voice at Blane, " You will follow this path because it is required of you. I could give a rat's ass whether you want to, it's not your choice. " He exhaled deeply, gathering his composure and restarted from a different angle. " Or would you like your wife and child to join you on your mission? " They have me by the balls, Blane thought. He was defeated, they had that trump card: leverage. He looked helpless around then the fury left his body. His muscles relaxed and he opened his balled fists, bringing his arms back to his side. " I'll need to see my family and say my goodbyes " he said, accepting his destiny. The Commissars face has hard as stone, " you'll have to say your goodbyes over the broadcast, in your refusal, you've wasted precious time. " He turned to the guards at the entrance of the room, " take him to The Pit. " " Wha ?! " Blane started, " Please! Let me at least say goodbye! " Blane watched the council stand from their seats as the guards dragged him out by his arms. " You savages! " he cried after them, " Curse you and your families! " The Commissar held up his hand stopping the guards. He moved towards Blane. His movements swift and balanced it seemed he glided towards Blane. " The God's must be appeased, " he said, " a sacrifice is required. And what better sacrifice than the blood and soul of a heretic? " He leaned in close to Blain, " I think we shall start with the head of the family, and work our way down. You never can be too sure about heresy, you know. It's contagious and has a way of... " he proded Blain on his forehead, " Spreading. " The commissar turned and walked back towards the table. The guards dragged Blane out of the council chambers kicking and screaming.