Lilly sat staring at the phone ahead of her, waiting for the screen to flicker on, and tell her someone was calling. She didn't know what caused her to do it exactly. Her mother was a nag of coarse, but all mothers were. Most children were more understanding. After all, everything the woman had said was true. She was indeed a waste of space. She was also unlovable. Of coarse. Any time she got a boyfriend they dumped her eventually, some sooner than others. She was too much work. She couldn't make enough money. Taking care of herself wasn't enough..... She needed to save up for her future children, and her wedding, and god knew what else sense she often tuned her mother out after a while. She shouted at her mother, and her father snapped back at her. "Respect your mother!" After that something broke in her head. Years of being yelled at and shouted down..... Watching her sister praised for being alive, while she was scolded for doing the same. "Respect her for what?" She asked quietly staring at her father, no tears, just a crazed anger. "For giving birth to me? Because I didn't ask to be here..... I didn't have a choice." She watched her mother cry, and her father seethe. "What did you say?!" "I said what I've been trying to say for years." The phone screen flickered on, the number she expected. She picked it up, numb to the crying of her little sister. "Lilly...... I have to tell you something..." "What is it?" She asked calmly, as though she didn't already know..... "Mother and father...... Died...... Last night..... After you left the house. Mom must have left the stove on when she was making dad's after dinner meal, and went to bed without noticing. An electrical short then, they think...... The whole house went up in flames, mom and dad..." Lilly tried to sound shocked, and upset, it was hard to manage. She wasn't upset, she didn't regret anything that had been said. She didn't know why she wasn't, but she couldn't help it. "No...... I..... I don't know what to say Maya." Maya didn't reply for a while, just sobbing. "They're so burned..... I can hardly recognize them..." She said finally, whimpering as she spoke. "I'll be there soon..... Wait for me okay sis?" "Yeah..." Maya took a deep breath, and sounding like she had lost the world she pleaded. "Hurry Lilly...." "I will." Lilly stood up and walked out the door, shoving her phone into her pocket. She still had her shoes and coat on from the day before. She wondered if she could convince her sister to let her keep the house..... After all, it had at least one nice memory in it.