The first months were the most shocking ones, afterwards everything calmed down, albeit slowly. The "aliens" as we called them at first were very clearly related to us biologically. At least some of them. Some others were completely different, but we didn't meet many of those for obvious reasons. The first step to building a good relationship was learning and teaching our respective languages, albeit they were quite familiar with our earthly tongues. So our groups were mostly taught Amambwe, Lysano, and Thindlurrinni, three of the most common languages of the newcomers. "Whatever is the reason they are visiting us?" Anne asked me. "We don't know yet," I replied. Although I had pondered that for quite too long, I couldn't really come to a conclusion. They weren't threatening, they weren't exchanging information -other than linguistic ones, that is. Their coming was unknown to us, but welcome they were. Not that we didn't have groups of nut-jobs walking around the streets demonstrating. But if they had met the "aliens" face to face, they'd feel otherwise. These ones were almost exactly like humans, but they radiated an otherworldiness that can't be put down to words. Was it their scrutinising gaze? The fact that they smiled too much? The fact that they could speak our languages almost perfectly? "Is everything going alright?" Ansemi asked me. "Oh, you startled me!" I replied. "Yeah, everything's fine." The way these..... people? Sure. The way these people could creep up on you was uncanny. They almost made no sound whatsoever. "I didn't mean to" he said in Lyseno. "It is okay," I replied in my broken speech which he didn't mock. "Lilly," he said, "I wanted to ask you something. "Only if you let me ask you something in return" I said. "You know I'm not allowed. Not yet." "Yeah, I know" I sighed. "Sure, ask me." I could feel Anne's gaze from across the room. "Would you like to asswinnento with me?" "To what?" I didn't know that word. "To go out with me. To have a date." I pondered for a second. "I don't think it would be..." "Before you refuse, I have an offer to make. If you come, I'll answer as many questions as I can. It's not much, I know. But it will definitely be more than you already know now." His smile was disarming. Three hours later, we were sitting in a small restaurant near my university, with small round tables and cozy colours. Whether the music playing was lounge or some kind of jazz, I couldn't tell. Ansemi was handsome as ever, and his attire was impeccable, if only a bit overdressed. Or was I the one who thought this would be more casual. "So, Lilly," he said and drank a sip of wine, "I guess you have many questions, but so do I. I hope you don't mind." "Not at all," I said, as long as you provide me with enough info. "Shall I go first?" I said. He nodded. "Are humans and your people related?" "Yes, indeed. We are very closely related." "Is panspermia correct?" "That I do not know, but it might as well be. Now it's my turn. Do you like me?" "Oh, blunt. Alright, I can play that game." I smiled. "Well "Are you ready to order?" asked the young waitress. "Beef tartare, smoked cheddar, chestnut," Ansemi said. I was about to order a cheeseburger, but with that I changed my mind. "I'll have the same, thanks." "So," sighs Ansemi with a big bright smile. "Yes. Indeed, I can't deny that you're a good-looking fella," I reply, without actually answering his question. But it seems it's enough for him. "Did you come to destroy us or take us out for expensive dinners?" I asked. He laughed. "We didn't come to destroy you, no. We have come to build an alliance between our people and yours. And of course, we'll help you technologically." "But you'll want something in return." "Naturally," he said, "but whether or not you do help us, we'll still help you and our alliance won't change nonetheless." "May I ask what it is that you're after?" "This is confidential." "I shall never speak of it." "Our people can not reproduce. We shall ask your people's representatives for reproductive cells. We know you already donate male cells, so I don't think it would be that much of a deal." "I don't think so either," I frown, "but then how did you come into being?" "My turn to make a question," he smiled. "Have you ever been married?" "Yes. Once. It didn't last. He was a bastard." You looked at me quizzically. "I kid! I mean, I was married, yes. But he wasn't a bastard. It just didn't work out. We were too young and too carrier-driven to even notice that our marriage was falling apart. Until, we did. So we ended it." He nodded. His questions were always intimate. Mine were never that. So I changed my tactic. "Do you have a family back there, on your planet?" "No, not really. I have a clan though," he said. "A clan of brothers and sisters. Most of them work as farmers now though." "What do they do there, make crop circles? " I asked, saying the last word in English, for I didn't think there might be an equivalent. "Excuse me?" he asked. "Oh, I'm sorry," I said, I didn't mean to offend." "No, I mean. I don't know that word." Curious, I wondered. The derivation was obvious, crop circle. His English was exceptional. So, I try to improvise. "You know, like vistammyne," I said, quite literally,'round thing'. "Vistammyne on field crops." For the first time he lost his smile. "What do you know about those? Where did you get this information?" "What do you mean?" I asked, kinda scared. The waitress comes with our dishes. No one thanked her, despite her politeness. "I'm not sure what you're asking," I said. "I just made a joke, but I'm sorry if I offended you." "How do you know about vistammyne? Who told you?" "No one told me! Crop circles have been a pop culture thing in like forever!" I reply in English, so that I could make sure none of my words would be interpreted any differently from what I'd intended. "Are you serious?" he asked. I take out my iPhone, google "crop circles" and show him the picture results. "I I have to go!" he replied and left me there. The alien just had a case of Runaway Bride. At least the beef was good.