One day back in Jersey we're all sitting around in my basement just hanging out you know, and Marty comes over with some acid. And he's says "I got this from my girlfriends Dad, he's a biker." And we're all like sixteen at the time and this was before acid was widely known. So we were all like, what the hell is that? And Marty says "if you take this its like going on an elevator ride to outer space." And we're all like wow cool. So McClosky goes "give me some I'll try it." But Marty was like "if you do it, then we all have to do it together otherwise you're going to have a bad trip." And we don't know any better so we're all like, yeah lets do it! Well we didn't think we had enough, because there were four of us, but we divided it up equally and each took the same amount. So we're waiting you know, asking each other "are you tripping yet?" And like two hours go by and nothing happens. So Jake and Mike leave. Then Marty is like "your eyes look weird." And when he said that I felt this feeling like I didn't really believe him, so I said "well I'm going to go check it out." And I get out of the basement, and there's this big ole clock right at the top of the stairs ya know? And I'm looking at it and thinking, wait a minute, when did we take this stuff? And I realize the clock is melting, and the walls are breathing, and I'm thinking to myself oh shit I'm tripping. So I go back downstairs in the basement and Marty is sitting on the edge of the pool table just staring at the wall, he's tripping too. And he has this look on his face like he's going to be sick or something. And I'm trying to tell him something, which now I don't even remember what it was. But I'm trying to tell him something and he's leaning really heavy to one side. So I'm like "Marty, Marty wake up man." He's just staring at the wall. And I'm tripping out of my mind at this point so I'm like "what the hell are you looking at?" And I don't know if he heard me or not, but real calm he just walks up to the wall you know, and does something, and the whole damn wall just lifts up like a garage door. So I'm like holy shit, did that just happen or am I just tripping? I'm rubbing my eyes in disbelief. And Marty says "check it out there's an elevator back here." And there was an elevator, not the old kind, but like a new modern looking elevator. So I'm just like "holy shit I don't think we were supposed to find this, you know. We have to get the hell out of here." So we close up the wall, you know? We we're tripping. It was like a complete shock to me at the time. Like about a month later we're celebrating my sister's graduation at the house, and everyone's having a good time, drinking, and a couple people came up to me asking me to see the elevator. It was crazy, like everyone from school heard about the freaking elevator. So I'm just like no, no there's no elevator we were just tripping you know, no big deal. I had actually forgotten about it because we just didn't talk about it after the fact. But they're all like yeah, yeah you've got an elevator in your wall, you know? Asking like if my parents were in the illuminati or something..... the mafia, they were asking if my parents were in the mafia. And I laughed about it and just played it off like we were just tripping. I was like no, there's no elevator. And then we're all drinking in the living room and we just hear this sound like zzzz going up..... zzzz going down..... zzzz going up, and we're all thinking, you know, what the hell is that. Then my mom comes in the living room and say that she can't find Dad, he was working on something in the attic now he's gone. And one of the kids says "did you check the elevator?" And my mom is like "what elevator? I can't find your sister anywhere either, you have to help me find them." Now I don't know what to do. And we just hear this sound coming from the wall zzzzz..... up down zzzzzz..... And one of the girls says "you're not high on acid right now are you?" My mom is looking at me and I'm like, no way I've never been high in my life, there's a damn elevator in wall and I think my Dad's stuck in there. I'm like we have to get him out. So everyone runs down to the basement to try to help out. And we're all trying to figure out how to raise the wall but we can't figure it out. So someone's like, call Marty, you know? And Marty gets there and he can't get it up either, he's like completely fried and just has a really stupid look on his face like, what do you expect me to do? We try from the attic, we're trying from the basement but no one can figure it out. And then Dad walks into the basement with a brand new case of beer, and is like what the hell is going on? We're like where have you been we thought that you were stuck on the elevator, you know? What the hell. So he's all like "what elevator?" Trying to play it off. But we said you have to lift the wall. We told him Jen, my sister, is missing. And he goes up to it and pushes on this one soft spot and the whole wall goes up. There's no elevator, its in the attic. So we wait for it to come down. It opens up and Jen is in there and she's really out there, I mean, tripping like almost comatose. And she's just hitting the button over and over, but its disconnected, you know? My Dad is furious, he's like what did you take and who'd you get it from? She's says that she was trying to "get to outer space." So I'm like Marty, that scumbag, gave my sister acid. So I grab his collar and I'm pissed off you know, about to hit him. And I'm yelling at him, calling him a scumbag, and blaming him for ruining the graduation party. He's like it wasn't me, it wasn't me I didn't do it. Then Marty says "oh shit I might have dropped something last time we were hanging out in the basement." And I remember, like oh yeah, we were short. Turns out Jen overheard us talking about tripping and went down in the basement later on that night to see if she could get to the elevator. She found it and she found the acid but never told anyone. So later on my Mom is like "why do we have an elevator in our house?" And my Dad's all like, I was going to surprise grandpa next time they visit.