The man looked harmless enough. He was a clean shaven man, maybe in his mid-thirties. He gave a polite nod to me and my company as he walked through our cloud of cigarette smoke, continuing on his way down the street. "Wow, look at that guy," said Matt. "He is the very definition of an easy target." The others gave a sinister chuckle. "Alright, kiddo. Time to earn your stripes. You're taking the lead on this one," he added, giving me a slap on the back that was a little too hard. The man took no note of our short exchange. We looked on as he took a right turn into a dark alleyway-one which we knew led to a dead end. I nervously took to my feet and slowly set off after him. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Matt grin at the others and follow suit. I could feel myself shaking. This was my first job, my initiation. If I pulled this off I would finally become a full member of the Black Storms. There were six of us, and one of him. It seemed failsafe. But something still made me uneasy about that man. I got even more nervous when we turned the corner into the alleyway, and came face to face with the opposite wall. The man was nowhere in sight. I pointed this out to Matt. "He must have left when we weren't looking. Ah well, we'll just find another At this point, we heard a loud smacking sound, followed by a low croaking voice. "Five." It said simply. I broke out in a cold sweat. Who said that? What was that sound? A million questions ran through my head. I considered running, but before I had the chance. We heard another smack, followed again by the mysterious voice. "Four." Where was it coming from? Was this that man we were going to rob? What's he counting down to? I heard my companions behind me shift nervously. Looks like I wasn't the only one who was scared now. Smack! "Three." One of my companions yelled out, "Who the hell are you? What the hell do you Smack! "Two." He never finished his thought. I began to panic. Matt grabbed me by the shoulder and pulled. "Come on, we're getting the hell out of here!" I shakily nodded in agreement. As I began to follow him out of the alley, I heard another smack, and saw Matt's head leave his neck. It was at that moment I realized that all that remained of our group was me, as the rest now lay in the alley, headless. The man from the street, malice glistening in his eyes and blood glistening on his raised machete, looked me in the eyes and advanced on me. Terror flooded me, and held me in place. "One."