"So tell me, how do you like the house so far?" I asked Jane. It was a courtesy, I already knew how she felt. "It's so lovely," Jane replied with a bright smile. "A bit bigger than what we were looking for, but I really do like it." She took a few steps towards a nearby window and peered out of it. The neighborhood also seemed very nice. This place was definitely a dream home. Her husband had been giving the kitchen a second look. Now he walked back in to the living room where his wife and I were. "I don't know honey, yeah it's a bit bigger than what we were expecting, but you've always talked about how you've wanted an older house. And to be honest, we haven't seen anything this good at any of the other places. Plus the price is great. It's not haunted, Mike, is it?" he jokingly asked. I turned to him with a grin. "It's only a mild haunting. A few bumps in the middle of the night, a misplaced item here and there. At least you'll never get lonely, Steve." We all laughed. I did my thing, wrapped up the deal in the next fifteen minutes. When you've got a tongue as golden as mine, selling a house isn't hard. You use the right words, point out the right features, acknowledge the bad aspects and then continue to make light of them. I got home an hour later. After I hung up my suit, I headed to my kitchen to grab some dinner. The room was dark and I didn't bother to turn on the light. There was no need, my eyes adjusted to the gloom just fine. I opened the fridge and pulled out a tubberware bowl with some leftovers from the night before. As I set the container on the counter, my thoughts started to stray. I thought of Steve and Jane. They were a couple very much in love. They had hit a high point in their lives. Jane had finally sold that novel she had been working on for years and Steve had finally gotten that promotion he had been eyeing for half a decade. They finally had enough to buy the house they had always wanted. Happiness and joy filled their relationship. That's why they had been chosen. "You know that eating is no longer a necessity for you, right?" came a dark voice from the other side of the kitchen. I looked up calmly to see a shadow at the end of my kitchen counter, hovering a foot in the air. Two red, dim glowing lights pulsed near the top of the figure. "Eating is not a necessity for you, either. That doesn't mean you don't have me fill that house with a family every year." There was a soft chuckle before the figure dissipated in the darkness of the unlit room. I went back to preparing my dinner. "Enjoy your food," I whispered, knowing that I would definitely enjoy mine. Leftover pesto chicken was my favorite.