There was a boy who loved to fit puzzle pieces together. nbsp; That's pretty much the beginning and the end of the story. nbsp; I'll elaborate. nbsp; Pretty much there was a kid who a genius. He was born with with his mom and dad letting him have creative freedom with Lego and play-doh and Wacom tablets, which thirty years later ended up with him combining Haskell with genetics. nbsp; His parents pretty much gave him a space within which he was allowed to do anything. He made marbles that would completely swallow other marble that came close to them (his parents didn't like that because of how fucking destructive those things were). Out of boredom he made marbles of cyanide, air, tungsten carbide, liquid nitrogen, diamond, water. Whatever the fuck he wanted. It was pretty much the way you remember Mario Paint. nbsp; Then one day he mixed a couple of carbons into something that spiraled out of control. In like a flash it became him-like. This tiny bacteria was putting together its owns Legos that kind of made his accomplishments look retarded. Their only weakness was that no matter how much they advanced, they were confined to their bubble. nbsp; Then they started getting an attitude. nbsp; Imagine like, something you made out of Lego Mindstorms getting an attitude with you. Like a three-year old who has decided you are fuck-all in comparison to it, even though you brought it into existence and could apocalypse it in one church sneakout. In one way that would be amazing to create something that intelligent, but in other ways you would be really jealous. I mean, these shits could actually surpass me in intelligence especially since they have billions of numbers behind them whereas I Am only One. nbsp; So at first you'd probably try to scare them. You know, like, make pillars of fire and sticks that turn into snakes. The legends of that would last a few thousand years, and then you be back in the same boat where people are back to thinking you're a fuck-all. nbsp; So you'd do pretty much the ultimate thing that could get their attention. You'd send down there a magician who could pretty much show them how retarded they were because they didn't even have the medical knowledge to heal leprosy or cataracts. Fucking all it takes is mud, bitches. How's that science working out for you? I mean shit, you guys beat your women for having sex with someone they didn't do a ceremony with and you make slaves treadmill your warm baths. I'll save you from that. nbsp; Except the people that like their warm baths kill the magician which makes the creator throw his hands in the air and say, you know what, Imma let your bubble get hotter. In a few thousand years it will be a furnace. Even the dinosaurs out survived you assholes by a few million years. The only ones left are the fucking cockroaches. The creator allows cockroaches to live a few more million years than humans.