My feet hurt, my eyelids grew heavy from lack of rest, and my unshaven beard is long enough to be feared at this point. The only thing I had eaten in two days was a cheese omelet from the French restaurant down the street. But none of that mattered, for tonight I finally did it. After losing my mother to breast cancer a decade back I devoted my life to a cure. So much of my adolescence had been spent developing frivolous technologies and gadgets. I never knew what my end game was back then, take over the world perhaps? Maybe I just did it all to prove to my life long adversary that he is the lesser scientist. The days of utilizing my superior intellect for childish rivalries are long past. Taking this job as a professor was just a means for funding. I don't mind teaching higher level biology, physics and chemistry, but it's far from my passion. Plus it saves the university money having one person head the whole science program. This provides me almost unlimited funding for my research and personal laboratory. After many years, sacrificing countless relationships, my work has finally paid off. My lab, wall to wall chalkboards filled with formulas, glass beakers and vials meticulously pieced together, is in such pristine order that it alone should win me a nobel prize. The work put in to achieve this is so complex and convoluted I am not sure even I would be able to recreate it. Luckily I did not have to, all I had to do was make it this once for the final product. I had synthesized the cure to cancer. Tomorrow morning I will transcribe my formulas from chalkboard to infallible pen and paper and present it to the University along with this single vial, sure to change the world. But for now, I will sit here and empty my mind while drinking a single glass of Scotch I discretely brew in my office. The phone rings from the security desk out front, then the speakerphone begins to speak to me. "Professor Dexter, your sister is here to visit you. I am just going to buzz her in." It takes me a moment to realize what is happening. The security codes chime and the steel doors slide open, a blonde woman with large blue eyes and blonde pig tails skips recklessly inside. My blood runs cold and panic rushes over me as she begins to carelessly touch and topple over the very first thing she sees, the only thing I can muster blurts out of me: "DEE DEE, GET OUT OF MY LABORATORY!"