I opened my eyes, expecting to be back in the car crash, hearing the screams of agony and the feeling of twisted metal between my ribs. But instead, I found myself in an empty white room. I was sitting on a white stool, the smooth, white walls covered with pictures of the Earth. "Where..... am I?" I thought to myself. "That is a good question, sir..." said a mysterious voice. I turned my head, and suddenly a man in a white suit was sitting at a white desk. We made eye contact, his blue eyes staring into mine. " ..... but its a common one, at that" I stood out of my chair in a rush, knocking it over. "Who are you?!" The man laughed to himself, and raised his arm, and clicked his fingers. The chair rose from the ground and floated back down to the floor, back on its legs. "Please do be careful of the furniture..... My name is Adam" "Adam? And where am I?" "Why, Heaven, of course" A mixture of shock and surprise flooded my entire body. I tried, but I couldn't look away from Adam and his casual smile. I tried to talk, but no words came from my mouth. I was rendered speechless by the news. "Yes, it is a shock for people to hear that. Well, there was that one guy in Florida..." I struggled, and eventually I managed to speak again. "H- Heaven?" I spoke quietly, "That..... that can't be right, its not true" Adam opened a draw in a white cabinet that I had not noticed before. He plucked out a file and began sifting through the pages. "Max Scott. Age 27. Killed in car accident, punctured lungs and collapsed chest..." I felt sick as Adam continued reading through the file, describing how I died. I couldn't believe his words. Heaven? Died? It can't be true. And yet one minute, I'm in a car..... and the next minute, I'm in a white room with a stranger who knows my name and age. I couldn't hear Adams words over my own confused, upset thoughts. I worked so hard to try to think of an excuse to believe none of this was real, and yet, the proofs all here..... My ears tuned into Adams words. Something he said caught my attention. "Wait, what did you just say?" I spoke, ignoring all the thoughts in my head. Adam looked up from the folder, placed on his crossed legs. "Hmm? You mean potential lives?" "What does that mean?" "Well, my friend, this page has a list of potential lives you could have lived, had you made a different decision at some point in your life" Potential lives? All the things that could have gone differently. My mind was filled with curiosity. So many ideas as to what thing would have been like. Ten minutes ago, I was a lonely, single man with no goals or aspirations. To catch a glimpse of a different life had caught my fancy. "Can I read that page?" I nearly shouted. Adam was taken aback by my tone of voice, but looked back at the page, grabbing one corner of it and holding it out to me. I quickly grabbed it and read through it. "Unfortunately..." Adam broke the silence with his mild mannered, stern voice " ..... you might not like what you see. Your life has gone downhill repeatedly since a key point on your life in..... 2007" 2007? What could have happened then that made my life so bad? I was confused by Adams words, and begun furiously going through my memories, trying to remember what could happen. Adam picked up another file. "I'm sorry to say, but the life you led before your sudden death has been, in my opinion, dull and wasteful" Anger raged inside me. I stood up and slammed my fist against a wall. "WHAT DOES THAT MEAN? Are you saying I did nothing with my life? I was happy with every decision of my life, every one!" "And yet..." Adam looked at me, unshaken by my outburst " ..... you are curious about what could be different. If you were so happy, why would you want to know what could have gone better?" I sat back down in my chair, still grasping the piece of paper. He was right. I wasn't happy. All the days I spent by my lonesome, sitting in my apartment watching football on my TV and sleeping until eleven in the morning. I WAS unsatisfied, and yet I never looked for a means to change the way things were. Adam plucked the piece of paper from my hands. I didn't react. Looking back, I was miserable with my life. I can't believe how badly I screwed up. I looked up at Adam, who was reading the paper. "In 2007, August the 21st, you were offered by a colleague of yours to go to a cafe with him and some friends. You refused, so you could stay home and eat a..... grilled cheese sandwich..... Not the best excuse, but an excuse nonetheless" The cafe? I remember that day. My buddy seemed disappointed, even sad when I refused. But I hate going out. It sucks. "Well, that..... incident turns out to be a significant point in your life" "How? How could a simple trip to the cafe change my life?" Adam looked up from the page, gazing into my eyes, then looked back down to the page. "How? Because, going to the cafe with your colleagues resulted in you meeting Maddison Clark, a friend of your colleague who came along because she was eager to meet you" Maddison? The girl from the Subway? Yeah, I've heard my friend mention her once or twice, but how could she be important? "Had you met with Ms. Clark, you would have become friends, and eventually you would gain the courage to ask her out. Eventually, you get married, and have a son and a daughter. While reading through the newspaper one afternoon, Ms. Clark finds a newspaper article that leads to you landing your dream job as a graphic designer" Adam stood up, scrunching the paper into a ball and flicking it towards me, bouncing it off my forehead. His voice became more sinister and threatening, but still spoke calmly and with sophistication. "Don't you see, Mr. Scott? You wasted your whole life because you were a miserable, lonely man didn't even have the strength to step outside" I looked down at my feet again. I felt tears rolling down my eyes. I clenched my hands into fists and tried hard not to cry. "You could have done something with your life, Max. You could have been something great. You could have had a wife and children, but instead you lock yourself in your apartment" Adam made a cracking sound as he stood up, the chair and desk vanishing. He stood in front of me, and begun transforming. His tanned skin turned white and slowly, his body transformed into a skeleton. His clothes had turned into dust, except for his bowtie, which stretched and wrapped around the towering skeleton, forming into a dark robe. When Adam spoke, his voice had changed into a demonic, hellish voice. "Your Death has come, Max. Now, you may choose. You may die, or resurrect yourself and live out the rest of your pitiful life. Choose" I fell off my chair and rolled myself into a ball, and tears begun flooding from my eyes. My life was an absolute mess, and I had wasted every second. Things could have been better, but they weren't. Because I was nothing but an insignificant worm. I spoke one word, which barely escaped my throat as I tried hard to stop crying. "I don't want to go back..." The skeleton raised its head, its empty eye sockets filling with burning fire. He pulled a scythe from his robe, and lifted his arms over his head, ready to strike. "As you wish" P.S. Sorry for bad punctuation, etc, I typed this in a hurry on my phone: P P.S.S. Thank you for your feedback This was my first story, so it means a lot:)