Sweat trickled down Jason's pale face. He had already thrown up his breakfast but he felt like he was about to do it again. He was shaking like he had PTSD and every damn noise made him twitch. He was laid on his bare mattress, staring up at the damp, mildew covered ceiling. He felt the coldness of the five-seven, tucked carefully into his waistband. It felt like it was burning him. He sat up, glancing around his room, staring hard at the dartboard he had nailed to his door. It had all the pictures of the people that would die today, not enough holes in them though; Jason wasn't that good at darts. He stood up and stumbled, dizzy. Jason gripped the handrail, and practically fell down the stairs as the bus pulled up outside of his house. Taking his usual place in the gum stained seat at the front, Jason put in his headphones and slept his journey to school. Stepping along the cracked pavement, Jason hobbled into school, drawing many a dirty look. He was not well liked here. Willowvalley Academy; a shit hole for problem children. His parents had sent him over hear after Jason had'responded' to the bullying he was receiving at his last school. However, his'response' was so extreme, that his teachers suggested he should be removed from the conventional school system. Jason was still sore about his expulsion, I mean, he'd only set ONE dog on fire when they found him in his shed. Jason took his seat on class. Second row from the back, he had planned it this way, not right at the back where he may cause suspicion, but far enough away from his teacher, that he wouldn't notice the huge bulge on Jason's waist. As his equally troubled class-mates filed through the door, Jason ran over one more time how this would go down. First he announces his plan to his class. He then strolls over to the teacher, placing the gun to his temple and blowing the decrepit old man's brains all over Lucy. Jason would feel like a god; taking his teachers keys and locking the door. Finally he would execute every psychotic bully in this class before moving on to the rest of the school just for fun. Mr.Brown was just about to take the register, when Jason stood up. An intense pressure building in his chest, was he gon na throw up again? Not now. This was his moment to be remembered. His class mates laughed and snickered at him. "Jason!" His teacher cawed. "What are you doing!" Jason inhaled deeply "Ladies and fuckheads, I am here today, to bring justice on this school" Several crazy looks from the students. Lucy screamed as she saw the butt of the gun sticking out of his trousers. Shit. This wasn't how it was supposed to go. He ripped the gun from his trousers and fired it twice into the ceiling, chunks of plaster and brick fell to the ground around him. Now everyone was screaming, the gunshots echoing off of every surface. Mr.Brown dived to the ground screeching at the kids to get down. Jason tried to continue his speech. "You people have made my time at this school, hell!" Another gunshot rang out, but Jason hadn't fired. He dropped to his knees. A pool of blood beginning to surround him. The blood mixed in with the dust on the ground, and Jason ran his fingers through it; trying to scoop it back into the gaping hole in his chest. Fuck did shotgun shells hurt. Jason tried to whisper out the rest of his speech, more screams and gunshots ringing out around him. His blood pooled out around him, he turned onto his back to stare his killer in the face. They were masked. But Jason recognized the voice. Jack. His best friend, his only friend at this school. Jason turned onto his stomach as a single tear trickled down his face. (Feel free to point out mistakes or improvements, I'm new at this. Also if something is unclear just ask.)