Journal Entry - Earth Day June 14th 2046 - Location: Previously known as Massachusetts. The old corner stores often are empty, but the one off the main street appears to have been looted recently. There were a few bottles of water and a parcel of some kind. I also discovered that overlooking the area was a water tower. It was leaking fluid, but before I could get closer to it, I was chased away by wolves. To be determined, but I believe that it might be the source of the wildlife's water in the inhospitable area. Supplies still unacceptably low, emergency bar still unused. Will have enough supplies for the next few days. The water bottles were a very fortunate find. Report on humans - laughable. No human signs of life since journal entry two years ago. Entry log out. - Journal Entry - Earth Day July 1st, 2046 - Location: Waltham, Massachusetts. I have found a small sign that signified the area of Waltham, MA. An interesting place since this was where the space race originated. Oddly enough, this place of history was such an outlier in all that was human. Most of the historic relics are still intact, and functioning. In fact, the space center that was eventually built was open. The facility itself was void of life, but it appeared that the generator looked like it might work after a little boost. I will celebrate what would have been a beautiful Canada Day in this safe environment. Perhaps, a base to call home finally, after the last failed attempts. I also found an old chocolate bar, seal wrapped, expiry date of next year. It might be rank, it might not be. We'll see. Entry log out. - Journal Entry - Earth Date - July 4th - Location: Waltham Space Center, Waltham, MA. I was able to reconnect the power supplies to the remaining solar panels. They were badly damaged and many of the wires were chewed through by rats or other wildlife, but there was electricity running. I was able to charge my flashlight and a few other emergency devices. It also seems that there was extra fuel store away down in the basement bunker of the facility. The generators might be choking on some rich fuel, but the electricity for one of the computers has come back on. It appeared to be running without any user interface, only sending out a signal, some form of communication. I don't know what it was, or even where it was headed, but it was definitely communicating something. But first, a nap. Entry log out. - Journal Entry - Earth Date July 10th - Location: Waltham Space Center, Waltham, MA. I received a message on the computer. I couldn't read it but I hope that something happens. More updates to follow. - Journal Entry - Earth Date July 11th - Location Waltham Space Center, Waltham, MA. We are not alone in this universe. A space ship landed not far from where the center. - Journal Entry - Earth Date July 12th - Location Waltham Space Center, Waltham, MA. If you have gotten this far into my journals, please read a bit further. Earth is not our home. Space is. I will see you soon. We are destined for greater things. If you have heard this broadcast, head to the nearest space center and turn on the main console emergency terminal and let it run. I have listed the coordinates below for all other space centers. We will come to you.