We had rented kayaks for the day. Paul had done it the summer before with a friend and I was depending on his expertise. The plan was to head out to a small touristy island, spend the day exploring, maybe find a place that sold gelato or saltwater taffy then head back before dark. But the kayak part was taking longer and we were only now getting close to the island and it was already pretty late, My arms ached from the work out and Paul and I had gotten too far away. I'd seen him land pretty far down the island. I tried to head closer to him but the current had pulled me steadily further away from him. I couldn't even see him anymore as the sun had set and only the faint remains of the sunset were visible. I pulled into the abandoned looking beach. The tourist side must be on the other side. This part looked pretty abandoned. There was even a chewed up looking deer carcas on the beach. There was chilly fog that blew through obscuring things. At first I thought that it was my imagination but as I walked up the beach I realized that I was being followed. There were strange small two legged creatures that reached up to my thigh or so. They chattered to each other in a series of high pitched chirps and clicks, seemingly calling each other towards a chase. Several more appeared and seemed to be closing in on me. They had large luminous eyes, razor sharp teeth, and long thin tongs that flicked over their teeth and lips as they closed in. I tried to keep a slow pace, thinking if I ran, it would just be more dangerous. A beacon-like light hit and the creatures gasped and sputtered drawing back away from the light. I could just make out on the hill ahead of me a lighthouse. The rotating lights from it seemed to repel the creatures. I made towards twit trying not to break out into a run. I did not have much stuff on me. I had a small waterproof bag containing a wallet, my cell phone (sadly dead batteries), and a small thing of mace. I gripped the mace in my right hand and worked to stay towards the light. The things were still tailing me but we're keeping a distance from the light. I called out for Paul and kept going towards the lighthouse.