Alicia twisted her ankle on a root. "Dammit..... not again..." She stared down at the swollen limb covered with bug bites, scrapes, and God-knows-what else. She had been wandering in the forest now for a few hours. Originally from New York she was used to jungles, but the animals were different out here and she wasn't prepared. "That's it! As soon as I get out of this -expletive- forsaken jungle and find that so-called GUIDE I'll make sure he NEVER works She cut off mid-sentence. The trees had gone quiet. Her heart rate had increased. What had she seen? She could've sworn she saw something..... Forgetting caution, she ran ahead. Hope is a powerful motivation when you feel like your survival depends on some unknown possibility. She tripped, and fell through a wall of vines with a gasp. In front of her face stood a native. Or at least she assumed that's what they were. Dark skinned, covered in markings that looked to move, and an air of stillness. A hunter. Instinct was screaming at her. Do SOMETHING, but she could only stand there. Aware of how clumsy and, unfortunately, loud she was. The other person gave an assessing look that ended with disgust. For all their attire, or lack thereof, they were clean and deliberate. A soft hiss and clicking interrupted the moment of meeting. The native cocked their head towards the source, gave another look to Alicia and then sighed and rolled their eyes. Whatever Alicia was expecting it was not that. The hunter then opened their mouth. "Gather yourself, basic life form. Enter through the waterfall ahead, and you will return to the nearest town." Alicia gaped. The hunter rolled their eyes again, then turned and disappeared. It was only then Alicia saw the slow-falling water ahead. The noises had again returned to the trees. How much time had passed? It was so hard to tell in a jungle where the light from above rarely made it to the ground.... It was only then Alicia looked around and saw..... Strange angles, strange colors for a forest, and the sudden disappearance of vegetation and what she thought were boulders in a pattern that she realized only now were indicative of deliberate presence. She looked to where the hunter had stood. Remaining was bits of metallic dust and a strange smell of a chem lab. Gathering her courage, she approached the water. Desperate to escape the jungle and the strangeness, but not willing to speculate why she was listening to a stranger - she stepped through...