Date Received: 4-23-2058 Standard To: Dr. Shepard Duval, Professor of Biology, University of California, Berkely From: NA Subject: Don't be fooled Hello Dr. Duval Who I am doesn't matter, but what I have to tell you does. By the time you get this message, a Dr. Marcus Howard will have been disgraced by the Earthen media for supposedly releasing a deadly neurotoxin into the Martian atmosphere, killing nearly half of the colonists and destroying Red Solar Corporation. Don't be fooled, thats not what happened at all. Allow me to tell you what really happened by first explaining what lead up to the events that truly took place..... Dr. Marcus Howard could never get others to accept his theory of how the original Martians, an intelligent race of humanoid beings that lived on mars, died off, even though he had an arsenal of evidence to back his claims up. Mainly, because of Red Solar Corp., the massive solar power corporation that had practically funded all of the colonies on Mars and gave secure jobs to the colonists that chose to live on the Red Planet. If word of Dr. Howards findings found their way into the general public, the colonists would dread being anywhere near Mars and Red Solar would go bankrupt. So, to avoid such a thing happening, Dr. Howards seminars would constantly suffer "technical difficulties" brought on by corporate sabotage. The theory of how the original Martians died that was preached by Red Solars pseudo-scientists and accepted as fact by the public was that a massive meteor collision destroyed a key military base around which housed weaponized neurotoxin-like materials, which spread through the air around 200 Millions years ago. This unfortunate series of events lead to Global extinction of the original Martians. The Red Solar scientists showed evidence that lined up if you didn't look to closely at it, but anyone who had half a brain knew that the story didn't add up. If Neurotoxins were what killed the original Martians, Dr. Howard and his team would have found traces of them in the marrow of their skeletal structures while on a research expedition 6 years ago. What he did find in the marrow, was even more unsettling. Microscopic spores were found throughout the skeletons of the studied subjects, and as soon as they were, Dr. Howard had them quarantined immediately and moved to his privately funded lab 200 km from the edge of the Martian North Pole, where Red Solar couldn't get to his specimens. For the better part of 4 years, he spent his every moment researching and studying and analyzing the spores, trying to unlock their secrets. Unfortunately for Dr. Howard, that was just the beginning. One day, while observing the genetic sequencing of the spores of one out of the three specimens him and his team recovered, the spores suddenly "metamorphosed" into full blown viral parasites in a matter of minutes. Luckily, the specimens were locked up tight in portable hermetically sealed chambers within a specialized lab where only Dr. Howard himself could gain access. Unluckily, that precise moment is when after years of trying to find his base of operations, an entire privatized swat team force hired on by Red Solar broke into his lab. A startled colleague stationed near the main door took the full brunt of the hired goons breaching shots, ripping him to shreds. Most of the run-ins Red Solar had with Dr. Howards team were just ways of intimidating them into defecting or at least abandoning their research. This time was different. After about 2 minutes of chaos, everyone except for Dr. Howard. The goons then proceeded to confiscate the corpses whilst holding the good doctor at gunpoint, which isn't a good look if you're wearing a hazmat suit. After the hired guns left with all three specimens, Dr. Howard realized what had happened with the spores before they were taken away: They were awakened. The spores must have been the parasite's dormant form. So after a bit of thought, he came to the conclusion that this parasite was the culprit in the extinction of the original Martians. After coming to this conclusion, he remembered an expedition undertaken by a friend of his, Dr. Maradith Carson, in which she studied remnants of a sizable meteor found in a crater about 20 km outside of Olympus Mons and found strange spores on the surface of the asteroid which were carbon dated to be about 200 Million years old give or take a few thousand years. After this revelation, Dr. Howard took it upon himself to try and let the colonies of Mars know what truly killed the original Martians, and how that very same thing may kill all of them..... Well, as you can see, it didn't work like it should have. At this point you're most definitely wondering how I know all of this information. Let's just say Dr. Howard talked, and I was pretty much the only one who listened. The reason that half of Mars died is a dumb one. The hired guns that I mentioned that confiscated Dr. Howards original Martians took them to Fort Meyalta, Mars' Area 51. Some poor soul who was taking inventory stumbled upon the hermetically sealed chambers and somehow got the passcode to the chamber locks right. He contracted the parasite, spread it to the entire base, and somehow somebody who worked there escaped the quarantine that was set up around Fort Meyalta and headed to the nearest town, Cydonia City, which was 10km from the underground fort. After that, you know the rest. P.S.... Just to let you know, I wouldn't doubt that the parasite made it to Earth. Be ready for anything -NA Thanks for reading my story! Hope you all like it. Constructive criticism is welcome, but don't be asinine about it please.