The old knight stood before the garden, where a crescent shaped pond would force those taking a stroll to deviate around either side, tempting them down any of the other paths between the hedges, down less-observed divisions of the compass. The hedges were overgrown, and the paths were barely visible now. Still, it was clear how magnificent the maze had been, once upon a time. The old knight's face seemed remorseful, his eyes distant, as if remembering those times. In the pond two koi fish danced around each other. One of them was gold, and the other black. The water would flicker with their colours as the sun glinted off their scales, and every time it did so a little rumble would send the water on the surface trembling, and sparks would fly out from the middle of the two fish. From down the path to the knight's left a rabbit emerged from underneath the hedgerow. Cautiously, sniffing the air, it determined that the maze was deserted and came out further. It was very fluffy and grey. The old knight stayed still, and the rabbit did not notice him. The rabbit foraged silently, its head buried in the grass. The way to the old knight's position was a singular path, paralleled on both sides by rose bushes. The roses grew in all different colours, on the same bush, from indigo to yellow and all the spectrum in between. Upon closer inspection, one would find that the petals were made of glass. It was said that in the middle of the maze was a fountain, or a tree. No one could decide which, as it was arguably both. The water spread upwards from the base, twisting and bubbling, until it rained down again in drips like a heavy rain, or the branches of a willow tree. No one knew what drinking from the fountain would do, not even the knight. No one had found the fountaintree for a long time. And eventually, people had stopped trying to find it. They were more likely to find the bodies of previous attempters, skeletons petrified in their final crawl, perhaps a finger stretched out, trying to point the way. Their skeletons rusted in the dew. And now the garden was overgrown, and it's secrets were unknown to all but the knight, and soon to be hidden forever. A hawk cast a shadow across the shoulders of the old knight, before diving to snatch the rabbit. The rabbit, all of a sudden surprised by the bird's dive, exploded into the white seeds of a dandelion, which were then scattered into the wind by the hawk's talons. The old knight stayed motionless, hands upon the pommel of his greatsword, his chin resting upon them. The hawk rose from its swoop, confused, and distracted, and so did not see the spiderweb stretched between the hedges. It's beak pierced the very middle, and the threads closed around her like a tattered cloak. She thrashed weakly as dozens of spiders revealed themselves amongst the leaves, shaking their spears and cheering. Music could be heard, simple tones that echoed over the maze, drifting closer and receding. The knight waited, and the music revealed itself as a dragonfly flew around one corner. It flew so fast, and turned at right angles, and each time it did so a tone rang out. A long time ago, a musical troop had tried to navigate the maze by mapping the tones to certain corners, as they had discovered a pattern. Nevertheless, they failed. The maze had other tricks, almost as many as it had stories. There were butterflies that set your clothes on fire if they landed on you. There were some passages that never ended. There were no exits besides that at which the old knight stood. The old knight would not enter the maze. Instead he stood, and watched, his stone face aged from the sun, wind, and moss. And the plaque at his feet said, "Abandon all hope, ye who enter here."