As we pulled up into the driveway I got a weird sense of deja vu. I mean, it was a normal suburban house, bland color, decent size, scraggly but green lawn, but I had the weirdest feeling I'd been here before. "Okay." Mom shut the car off and looked over at me, flashing a brief, almost nervous smile. "We ready?" "Sure." I hopped out of the car, seeing the front door open. Mom had shown me pictures of Alec before (and of course I'd done my own internet stalking), so I recognized the receding blond hairline and the Dad Bod build. Hadn't expected a Black Sabbath T-shirt, though. I'd gotten more of a mild-mannered white-collar vibe. He smiled brightly at my Mom, and she sped up to meet him at the front steps. I trailed along behind, feeling oddly like I was the chaperone, not the teenager. "Darlene, hi!" He turned towards me and offered a handshake. He had a good grip. "You must be Mikaela." I was tempted to comment on his brilliant skills of deduction, but that might not go over so well and I had to spend at least a couple of hours here, so I just said "Yup, that's me." "Come inside, it's a bit messy right now, I was expecting you a little later." He stepped back to let us through the door, and I saw more people waiting inside - Alec's family, Mom had talked about them a little. He had two teenage kids, and Mom really really wanted us to get along. I doubted we'd be instant friends but I was open to the idea, right up until I got a good look at the pair. The younger (or at least shorter) kid was a girl, probably in her early teens, and looking mildly uncomfortable. But as I got a look at the brother I froze. He recognized me at the same time: I saw his eyes go wide. The door thwacked me solidly in the back, and I jumped inside, snapping out of it. Act normal, don't draw attention. " Whoops, I, uh, thought you were holding it, " I stammered to Mom, hoping she'd mistake my reaction for nerves. I pasted on a smile that I hoped was convincing. " The door. I wasn't paying attention. " Luckily it seemed like she wanted to smooth things over instead of investigate, so she just laughed a little. " Mikaela, this is Karrin, and Dan. " " I know, we go to the same school, actually, " Dan said. " Really? " Mom looked delighted. " You didn't mention that! " " Hey, there are a lot of Dans out there, " I protested. How had I missed that? Granted, it wasn't like Dan was friends with his Dad on Facebook or anything, but still! At least the adults seemed to be moving on. " I could really use some iced tea, " Mom said. " Sounds good; what about you, Mikaela? " Alec asked. I shrugged and dropped onto the couch, so off Alec went. After a moment Mom followed, leaving just us kids together. Karrin looked at her brother, looked at me, and quietly slipped out of the room. I heard her footsteps thudding up the stairs. I took a deep breath, and looked at Dan again. " So, seems like neither of us was expecting this. " Dan shook his head. " Nuh-uh. I didn't even know your Mom was single. " " I don't really like talking about it. " " Oh. " Dan scratched the back of his neck. " That makes sense. " I looked around the living room. No idea what Alec was talking about; this place looked pretty clean to me. Then again I was okay with clothes and food wrappers all over the floor, so maybe my standards were just really low. " I thought this place looked familiar when we drove up, " I commented. " Guess I didn't recognize it because it's daylight, and I came in through the front door instead of around the back. " " Yeah, that makes sense. " Dan cast a furtive glance towards the kitchen and came closer. " Do you think they noticed? " " Not my Mom, she doesn't even know I smoke, " I said in a low voice. " What about you? " " I don't know, that's why I'm asking. " Dan sounded more agitated. " You looked like you saw a ghost. " " It wasn't that dramatic, " I muttered. " Just play normal and nobody has to know, okay? " Dan fixed me with an intent look. " Is that why you've been avoiding me at school? Playing normal? " I was just coming up with a response when Alec and Mom returned with drinks. I shut up, took the glass from Mom, and hoped that we could get through the evening without revealing to our parents that one time we'd smoked weed and fooled around in the basement of this very house.