Retirement is grand. especially when you can retire at age 35. well what can I say I ran my own business and made a killing. haha quite literally. now I just run a series of frozen yogurt stands to explain income. its quite easy all I do is hire some college kids make them run it. They take it so seriously "sir would you like to order more strawberry banana its our best seller." Hell one of them even made a PowerPoint brought it to me explaining why we should sell some mint tea flavor" like I give a crap. I threw ten grand at him and told him to take care of it. I found out later though he skimmed two grand and spent it on himself only buying eight grand of yogurt. back if I was still up to my old ways, I would have sliced off his eye lids with a fillet knife. Then gave him a Colombian neck tie. that way upon death he looks like a smiley emoticon. that was my signature way of killing when it was personal. But I retired, Gina convinced me that I had enough money, and I could go legitimate and give up my wicked ways. See he was the only one who knew my true profession, everyone else thought I was a banker. I had confessed it one day to her while I was drunk at her apartment. I would have killed her the next day as she is now a liability, yet I couldnt. I dont know why? at this point I had eight kills under my belt but I couldnt do this one. We didnt talk for awhile after that. until about a month later After I murdered a senators daughter so he would sign the bill in fear of his other loved ones. that hit hard. I went into every bar I could find and drink life away. I was about to confess to the bartender when suddenly I feel I tug on my ear. It was Gina. This girl had the balls to drag me by the ear like she was an old nun. she had seen my jag in the lot and came rushing in as she knows I only drink when upset. later when I sobered up I realized she saved my life, I also realized for the first time in my life I was in love. From then on we would see each other about once a month. and meet at this frozen yogurt place. she loved it. It was called Ken and Jeff's frozen scoops maybe youve heard of it? always sounded rather fruity to me, and not in the they have the finest selection of fresh fruit to put on top of their wide selection of yogurt. Time goes on she gets married to this guy named Todd. pssh Todd can you believe it. Fuck this guy! but she likes him so I put up with him. about a year later they get engaged to Fucking Todd. She told him what I did after one night in bed..... yeah that part infuriated me too. in bed! I still have a sinking feeling thinking about it. Any way this tool comes up to me in a trench coat and shades with a case full of money. He actually used newspaper and ones to fill the case under a row of hundreds. he thinks this is some fucking movie! so I humor him, like many people he wants his boss dead. normally I make people take 48 hours to think about it and make sure. instead I hand him an unregistered gun and tell him to do it himself. I told him the client needed to have blood on their hands before they can hire me. Circle of trust and all that. He actually fell for it. so after that I began to like this putz. he had me do miscellaneous jobs, scare some people break a few legs etc..... and while he was out doing "reconnaissance work" or at his day job id be banging his fiance. Deeply hoping Gina would leave him and love me. But in august she married him. I didnt show to the wedding knowing id object. feeling defeated in life I lost passion for killing, the adrenaline before the kill. the success of knowing im in control as the light leaves their eyes. then the unfortunate guilt and questioning of myself at night. I became an entrepreneur selling frozen yogurt at my new chain. Extreme Freeze. I opened it for her. well one day this cocksucker comes up to me. He has found a used rubber on the ground. He knew she was cheating but didnt know who. He hires me to find him. I told him I went legit but he begged and pleaded right in the mall. I just said sure to get him to go away. but He expects to see a body now. MY BODY Only he doesnt know that yet. Todd also doesn't know he just paid to have himself killed. Edit: im new to writing please give constructive critism or comment on this story. Thanks