The editors were in a heated discuss with lawyers on the proper graphic warning to be aired before the series finale of Man vs. Wild. The producer points at the screen. "Do you think this is enough?" he asks. "Do you think Discover will approve of this?" One of the lawyers replied, "I'm not sure. We haven't watched the whole thing yet. Play the edited version again for me." The intern at the studio editing desk proceeds to click a few buttons and turn a nob. A video is projected on a large television screen in front of the crew. They regretfully watch the episode again. Bear Grylls appears on screen and introduces himself to the audience, "Hi there, my name is Bear Grylls and on this special edition of Man vs Wild, I will be traveling to the Muertes Archipelago located near the island of Costa Rica. These beautiful islands are not only known for their prestigious beaches and unique fauna. This is the place dinosaurs were revived nearly 65 million years after their extinction." The screen cut to show parts of the island from above and various dinosaurs filmed before the accident. Then it panned in with a drone view of the abandoned InGen facilities. Bear Grylls continues to voice over the intro. "I have gotten special permission to wingsuit dive into the island of Isla Sorna. Now even though this is several miles away from the actual Isla Nublar, the restricted island where the actual Jurassic Park is located, I've been told by locals that some of the dinosaurs have actually migrated to this remote island. Several boat and parasailing crew have mysteriously disappeared over the past few years. Because of this, the locals have fittingly named this place Las Cinco Muertes or the Five Deaths." The next seen shows Bear Gryll inside a small, low flying aircraft above the coast. It gently approaches the heavily forested inner part of the island. The camera Grylls is holding pans out to show the ocean of green where the chaos may lurk beneath. He pans the camera back to himself. "For this trip, I only need to bring the essentials." He lifts up the items as he names them, "I have with me a first aid kit, four day rations, one bar of chocolate, an adrenaline shot, Bear spray..... get it..... Bear..., and this small dull pocket knife to protect me from those pesky raptors. All of this fits right inside my lucky lucky sack." Gryll then closes his lucky sack, gives a thumbs up to the pilot, and proceeds to leap from the aircraft. The video on the screen shortly captures his decent from a distant vessel and then it returns to his camera. As Grylls approaches the ground, he prepares to deploy his parachute when suddenly out of the fog a Pterosaur swoops past him. Then it comes around and violently bumps into him. Grylls starts to yell at the giant ugly winged reptile as he pulls the cord. As soon as he does though, it returns and gets tangled in the parachute. Together, both Bear Grylls and the Pterosaur plunge down to the earth below. The GoPro captures the footage as Grylls cuts himself free of the wires and attempts to deploy his emergency parachute, but it's too late. He hits one of the many trees on the island and falls down branch by branch until he hits the ground. The video cuts off for a minute. When it returns, Grylls is heard grunting and yelling in agony. "My leg is broken," he says. "I'll have to crawl." In the mud and dirt, Grylls crawls to underneath a large Moreton Bay Fig Tree. He takes out his lucky sack and bandages his leg. Then he makes camp for the night. When the darkness arrives, Grylls documents the moment on camera. "So it's 2 AM, I'm in pretty bad shape, I forgot to bring my flare and radio beacon, and I'm pretty sure I hear growling not too far away." The camera indicates a low battery signal, "Dammit! I forget to bring extra bat "And that the end of it." Said the intern grinning proud of how well he did his job, "His camera was found two days later along with his lucky sack on the coast. The coast guard is still out looking for him." The lawyer looked at the kid and looked back at the producer. He glanced over at the other lawyers in the room, most of which were on their smartphones messaging their mistresses. He sighed. "Look, are you sure you want to air this so soon? The man is missing for Christ's sake. He might be dead" Just then, in his dark suit and matching hair, Dr. Ian Malcolm, who was to be featured on the episode, entered the room. "Well you know what I always say," he sarcastically remarks, "Life..... uh..... finds a way."