OASIS - Day 1, April 22nd, 2065 Alright. We all managed to touch down without any actual problems. Doesn't seem to be any damage on the ship. Landing gear is okay. Still got enough fuel to get back to orbit. Sara is complaining about how warm it is. I kinda agree with her. While we seem to be in an oasis right now, surrounding us all is just desert. I mean, we knew it was dry but the clouds were too thick to make anything out. Anyway. We're gon na check the composition of the oasis plants, then get some rest. 42 hour day tomorrow. 30 of it is sun. Day 3, April 24th, 2065 Okay, so the plants in this area seem to be angiosperms, with apparently wind as the preferred transfer method. Makes sense, there's an almost constant breeze. Don't know where it'd go, though, apart from here. Water is fine and safe to drink. Seems to be a spring. We're getting the fusion engine ready, but until then rationed power. Reason why I'm writing, actually. Long time since I have. I remember my dad telling me that once they used to actually write in classes. Heh, good old days. Tomorrow we're gon na go on an expedition, see if we can get anywhere. We're preparing some buggies to travel about. We'll use liquid fuels for now, while electricity gets set up. Day 4, April 25th, 2065 Okay, so me and Mike are heading out. The rest of the crew is going to take care of setting shit up, while we go dune buggying. As Mike's driving, I can write. Outside the oasis, the temperature picks up a hell of a lot, up by 10 to 15 degrees, at least. It's already something like 80 in the shade. Kinda wishing I stayed back now. At least there's no wind to blow sand in my face. Day 5, April 26th, 2065 Okay, so me and Mike are fucking screwed, along with finding the reason why the wind had dropped. Sandstorms. I swear to god, tornados were fucking everywhere. We set up emergency shelter, and we're kinda waiting it out. The sound of the storm has stopped. Not the storm itself, though. The sand's burying us, I think. Day 7, April 28th, 2065 Finally, it's stopped. We checked the plexiglass windows, and we know for a fact we are buried. 10 feet, I think. seems pretty hard packed. Mike's MacGyvering some kind of drill together, so we can get out. I think the shelter's a loss. There's no way we could get it out. Oh well, time to dig. Day 8, April 29th, 2065 We made it. Oh god, I have never wanted to feel the wind on my face and the warmth again. We spent 20 hours, digging straight up. We got to a point where it was actually raining down, but we didn't give a fuck, we just climbed up and up and up, sand in our hair and eyes, looking for the cloudy sky. We got everything out of the tent. The buggy is a loss. Mike's trying to get the GPS unit to work. I think the cloud layer is interfering. We also sent up a flare, so we'll see what happens. Day 10, April 30th, 2065 Nothing. While we didn't want to climb back down to the tent, we had to during night. It's fucking freezing. The tent keeps some warmth, at least. GPS is down, and the flares are out. I think we're just going to have to hike back the way we came. We did lay down Helium Markers, so that's good. Thank god for all this equipment. We're running low on food, though. Got enough for about a week, now. Water's good, we've got 2 weeks of that. We're gon na start walking soon. Day 11, May 1st, 2065 Okay, so we hiked for about 25 hours, thanks to the sunlight (so fucking hot) and we managed to build some kind of sand igloo for the night (so fucking cold). Our water is really dropping quickly, and we are getting tired, fast. Thank god we found the Helium Markers. Though. I've never been happier to see one of those red and blue motherfuckers. We're following them along, and we've past 15 by now. Mike says we've got about 30 more to go. This is really taking a toll on him. I mean, he's a pretty heavy guy. He's an engineer, not Markel Louis, 2060 Gold Medalist Long Distance Runner. I feel sorry for him. I try to keep him on the up, though. I'm gon na get the sleep I can now, and try to cover as much ground as possible. Day 13, May 3rd, 2065 MOTHERFUCKER. One of those fucking'storm-proof' Helium Markers got snapped. We're fucked. We put a 5km distance between each of them, and the one we were going to was in the middle of a fucking crater. We're gon na try to follow our steps out. This really has Mike down. Shit, he ain't doing well at all. I mean, yeah, he's lost like 15 lbs, but he is losing water way to quickly. I estimated, and our water is only gon na last 2 more days. Off we go, I guess. Day 14, May 4th, 2065 We ran out of food today. I didn't realize till I reached into the bag that was already empty. We only have a few more liters of water, as well. We got back to our previous Marker, and we're camping there for tonight. On the bright side, I found some actual life on this planet! A huge, 10ft long snake, just slithering around, with a HUGE bulb. That was dinner. We both ate well, and turned out the bulb was filled with water. We'll be okay. Day 15, May 5th, 2065 Okay, so we walked. We have a general idea of where we're going. We know that the missing Marker in the crater is 5km away from last night's Marker. We know the one far away is about 7km away. Using some triangulation magic, we found where we had to go. Hopefully this works out. I gave Mike a larger ration of water. Hopefully he stays up. Day 16, May 6th, 2065 It's not there. We couldn't find it. Not even a severed rope. Did we go to the wrong place? Was the crater not actually a Marker point at all? The sandstorm changed this place so much. I have no sense of bearing. Mike's not taking it well. We're kinda lost here. I guess we're gon na hike back to our campsite, I guess. Day 17, May 7th, 2065 We can't find it. We can't. I can't. Oh fuck oh fuck. We can't find our camp. It's gone. We know it's the same area. It looks the same, has the same mountain in the distance, but no Marker, no camp, no fucking nothing. We only have a day worth of food left. We have no more water. I need to find one of those snake things again, or we're dead. Day 20, May 20th, 2065 Mike is on his last stand right now. He can't handle the lack of food, lack of shade, lack of water. Neither can I, but he's suffering. I caught another snake, much smaller this time, and gave it to him. He ate it raw. Right then and there. I was disgusted. And hungry. So hungry. Day 25, May 25th, 2065 Mike's dying. I think that snake he ate was poisonous. he's green, throwing up, and not moving. We can't afford to waste this time. But he'll die tonight. I know it. I wonder what I'm going to do. Day 26, May 26th, 2065 Mike died last night. I was so hungry..... Day 27 I have to keep moving. Can't think on what I did. If I keep moving, maybe I'll find the Oasis, right? Yeah, then I can finally lie back in the shade, sip on that bottle of 20-year-old Royale whiskey I smuggled on. That'd be great. Day 30 Sand. It's everywhere. It's everything. Sand, made of silicon, made of protons and neutrons and electrons, which also make me up. By that logic, I'm sand, right? Day It's really warm today. I think I'll take off my suit. Night It's cold. I buried myself in sand. Still cold. Day 35, 4th June, 2065 I see it! It's in the distance. Fucking finally. Running hurts a hell of a lot, despite me feeling lighter. Fuck, I need to take a shower. At least I've got some great thighs from this walking. Ugh, am I tired. I'll dive in that spring, surprise everyone. About 100 yards away now. Let's go. End Everything is sand. I'm sand. The Oasis is sand. There is no Oasis, just sand. It's so warm, like being in a fuzzy blanket. I'll sleep now. - Holy fuck, 7766 characters of writing. I felt that ending get to me.