Alien 1: Look I'm telling you I saw something off sector 0931, some sort of being with a long neck and googly eyes........ it even had round boulders for legs to help it walk. Alien 2: Damn it, how many times are you going to be coming into my home and tell me these absurd theories of mechanical beings roaming our homeland. Alien 1: Sir, they've been spotted not only in our planet but in our outer hemisphere as well, I'm telling you this could be the Reapers, they could have sent out probes to look for us. Or perhaps something else. Alien 2: Relax, as far as I know not even space intelligence nor our space command center has alerted me of any beings OR the Reapers for that matter. Just go home. Later that day...... Alien Commander: What are we going to do about this information, my Lord? Alien King: How in the world did we not know of this? Alien Advisor: My Lord, we rounded up all the planets in this galaxy and we were sure that there was no life on other nearby planets. Alien King: We'll there is, now this is our home, we're not going to just pack our things and go....no, we'll need to build underground settlements for my people, we'll construct them under the forbidden zone, there this other life force would have trouble finding us. Alien Commander: My Lord, we can't just hide from them. They'll sooner or later come knocking. Alien King: We'll just have to wait and see Later that month...... Alien Climber 1: Finally! we climb the highest mountain on this side of Riker, wow would you just look at this view....I've never seen it this color red before. Alien Climber 2: Yeah, it looks more blush. Hey, look! a shooting star! Alien Climber 1: Yeah....hmm? the star seems to be slowing itself down as it goes Alien Climber 2: Looks like it pass by really close to our planet, did you see how close it was? Alien Climber 1: Yeah I did, well if it wasn't a star or a rock, it's possible it crashed on the other side of Riker, where it's forbidden due to the harsh climate. O'well, sure someone will see it go down, C'mon.....we got a long way down.