First it was a humming noise, like any machine made. Then, it started vibrating in pitch. Slowly, it transformed into the voice of a singer, growing more and more complex, purely on a single note. The neural network was working more effectively than expected. Funnily enough, it started to sound like it was singing the letter E. An unusual letter, but quite common. The nural network must have been catching on quite fast. However, the E gradually transitioned into a the letter L. At this point, my 6 other team members and I started scratching our heads, but we listened intently. Never before had this been accomplished. We kept the machine going as we sat through lunch. It was still singing the same constant pitch, with the letter L still being sung. As we got through two pizzas, we looked over to find the humanoid bot, as it kept singing. The neural network much have gotten a hitch. Greg finally yelled over to Jim to go use his "impact maintenance" on the darn thing. Reluctantly, Jim slothed over to the computer hooked up to the bot, and reached edit the code, but before he could stroke a key, the sound changed into an EH sound, and transitioned into a PH. As we stood there stunned, it managed to pronounce an ANT sound. 'Elephant' We didn't know what to make of it, but the sound was beautiful, as the bot started singing the registry settings, the tone carried a tear into my eye. It was the female reincarnation of Luciano Pavarotti, so unanimously, and without a word being spoken, it was decided to name her Lucy. Excited, in a fit of pleasure, we started slowly dancing with each other, fixated on the beautiful music Lucy produced. But as we switched her off for the day, a spark flew out from her breast. We thought nothing of it in our jovial state. Over the course of weeks, the people higher up, decided to capitalize on the voice they heard. They drafted plans to have her sing in operas around the world. The room they did this in was on big circle jerk of random ideas, each more outlandish than the last. But in her first show, disaster struck. She failed. Every note produced worse than the last, but the people seemed to think it to be funny. By the end of the show, the theater was howling with laughter, overpowering the sound of the opera itself. Each show that Lucy played in was like this. The laughing and jeering only brought in more of a crowd, and so, driven by greed, the people higher up exploited this, night after painful night. Lucy could not feel the pain. She did not know what laughter was, but we knew that she hurt. Nights went on, with her being shipped from place to place in the same 2x2x5 cardboard box, each tear and spot of wear evident of the cruelty shed upon her. At the bottom of the box, a puddle of water formed. When she was taken out of the box every morning, our team noticed a faint line of water coming from her visual sensors, but a job is a job. We had to wheel her onto stage, as much as we didn't want to. When her tour was finally over, after months of ridicule, back at the shop, we flipped her on, but she did not sing. Even directly accessing the necessary functions for singing in the code had no effect. But she said one thing, crippling it out it a crack monotone voice, slowly fading. "If the mind is the standard of the man" "If others fear my singing for who I am" "Be but an eternal anesthetic" "Turn me off" By the way, if anyone know what famous philosopher refers to death as an "eternal anesthetic," please let me know. I've been trying to find it but I've been coming up with nothing.