I usually tried to stay awake. If I don't, I could die in my dream and then it's over. I'm dead for good. Over time, I mastered lucid dreaming because I didn't think I would want to live forever, but I'm not done yet, not even close. Exploring my dreams went from a terrifying nightmare all of the time to something I actually enjoyed. If the dream turned south, I could go to my escape door and wake up. Of course, it wasn't always that easy. Sometimes, I had to fight my way out and fly around and do all sorts of stunts to escape the danger, but it had to be a real danger. Something that in real life would terrify me. The most dangerous things were the things that seemed safe. So, my worst nightmares became the safe things. Even then, I could usually escape it. This time, I knew immediately, was different. I was walking through the Martian landscape when she appeared in front of me. Debbie Spreely, the little blonde neighbor from my childhood with perfect blue eyes and the sweetest smile ever seen. One tooth is missing from that smile, and she has a sweet whistle to some of her words. "Hello David. Nice to seesss you." "Hi Debbie, what are you doing here?" When I look around me there are dozens of her, then hundreds, then thousands. They all smile that amazing smile. The Debbie in front of me pulls the biggest butcher knife I have ever seen out from where, I don't know. "Damn it." I leap into the air and fly into space. All of them follow me. Thousands of little girls chase after me, and they're gaining. All I have to do is get to the door back on Earth. I keep looking behind me as they catch up, and I realize that, in my nightmare, I am going to beat up a horde of murderous six year olds. The closest one catches up and slashes my calf. I kick her in the face and fly harder until I hit the moon. My calf bleeds as I hit the ground. The moon dust scatters around me. I rip chunks of moon rocks out of the ground and begin beating the shit out of the cutest kid I've ever seen and all of her horrible copies. They get too close. A few close calls and one side swipe that leaves me bleeding is enough to get me flying again. I go for the door when a wall of them appears before me in space. I fly harder and bust through them. I land on the ground and run inside my childhood home. I go to my bedroom and head for the closet. I will make it. But, I hear a sound behind me. I turn around fearing the worst, but I see me holding a Mr. Jingles, my teddy bear. No, it's not me. It's my son, also named David. "Can we play? None of my friends are here." He starts crying. Oh no, I think. I've awakened something. The door raps. He goes to open the door, and hundreds of Debbies wait outside. Lil' Davie gives the one girl his teddy bear. "Do you want to play?" He asks. They sit down and start to play. The urge to kill me disappears. "Can I go?" I ask, still afraid. "Yeah, daddy." I open the door and step in and close it behind me. I wake up in a cold sweat. My wife sleeps next to me. I almost say her name, but I don't. I stand and go to my son's room. He is safe and asleep. I wipe away tears from my eyes and vow to spend more time with him. I go back to my bedroom and my wife asks: "What's wrong? Another bad dream?" "No, Debbie honey. It started bad, but became good in the end." I have more writing at rnickkuvaas, if you're interested.