"Oh no, no son of mine will be a filthy hetero!" My father practically spat the last few syllables at me. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. How could this man, one who raised me, taught me to walk, to cook, to throw a football..... How could he say these things? My own father..... thinks of me as..... filthy? I stood there, struggling to think up a witty retort. For once in my life, I failed. My father always said I got my sharp tongue from my father. "But..... dad. How can you..... how can you say that? I'm your son!" Tears were welling up, but I refused to cry in front of this man. I refused to show any weakness. My father replied with a snort, then started in again. "Are you kidding me? You think I still love you? After what you did? Sneaking around with..... Melanie." He said this name with such malice that I worried Melanie had suddenly burst into flames. I had no doubts that she was getting the same treatment. Probably worse, actually. My thoughts began to drift off to thoughts of happier times, when Melanie and I would sit in the park, staring up at the night sky. Laying there, together, we dreamt of being together, in a world free of prejudice. Getting married, having children, growing old and dying together - everything a starcrossed couple is supposed to do - in a world free of hate and intolerance and..... I realized now that my father was still talking to me. I tuned back in. " ..... think of what the neighbors will say! And that nosy bitch Lance! Oh god, I didn't even think about what Lance would say! Prancing around, all hoity-toity.'Oh look at me, I'm Lance. I'm so cool!' Do you realize what you've done? Have you even thought about it?" At this point, I had had enough. With a sneer, I started in on my father. "What I've done? WHAT I'VE DONE? How about what you've done, you old prick! Forced me to try and conform, telling me stories about how in love you used to be. Well if you were so in love, why are you here now? Look at you! A single father, straight-bashing his only son! You know what dad? You're not worth my time. Because if you really did know love, at any point in your miserable excuse for a life, we wouldn't be here right now. Instead, you'd be telling me to pursue my love. To find refuge and solace in a safe place. To be me. You would tell me..... you would tell me..... you would tell me you love me. Instead, you sit there on your high horse, like you're royalty. You know what the most noteworthy thing you've done is? You made me realize just how much I despise you. So, thanks for that. I guess." With that, I spun on my heel and stomped to my room. I grabbed a duffel bag from my closet and started to fill it with my essentials: clothes, money, toiletries. Everything I would need. I zipped the bag closed and stomped down the stairs again. Without even a parting glance at my "father," I opened the door and ran to meet my new beginnings.