Her cold wet nose nuzzled it's way into my clasped hands. As I reached out, wrapping my arms around her thick fur coat, the wet tissue fell from my hand to the floor. Typically this would of caused a riot for the 6 month old Lab; a signal for her to begin a new game of "catch me if you can," but today was different. As the mascara streaked down my face, creating rivers of black tears; Nellie did not move and as I collapsed onto the floor, she gently fell next to me. Maybe it was her own love for Tom that gave her a deeper understanding of my pain. He had chosen her and driven the 3 hours to surprise me on my birthday. Tom had been the one who walked and played with her day after day as I lay in bed crippled with sadness after finding out I was unable to bare children. And although Tom took many business trips, Nellie clearly understood this trip was different. She understood that he was never coming home and yet her strength in supporting me was unaltered and altruistic. The months went by and Nellie became my best friend. While our love for Tom initially brought us together, it was force of fate that made me realize Nellie was my saving grace. It was her undying acceptance that pushed my hand into accepting myself, and it was her unfaltering love that provided me with hope. My desire to have children would never leave me but the void was filled by that little black lab, and she gladly played the part of my furry, four legged baby. Almost giddily I bought steaks at the deli, tonight for dinner we would celebrate Nellie's second birthday. I pictured her big brown eyes lighting up when she heard the meat hit the skillet, and her leaning ever so patiently against my leg as I finished cooking it. My joyful daydream quickly diminished as I rounded the corner to my small house. Something felt wrong. Nearing the front door I noticed it was slightly ajar. As my heart began to race I called out to her. My mind panicking, I reassured myself that Nellie would soon come bounding out to greet me; after all she was never one to wander away and was well trained to always stay in the confines of our front yard. My stomach churned as I opened the door and called for her once again. Nothing. The rest of the night was a blur. The thieves had ransacked my home, taking TVs, jewelry and of course what petty cash they could find. As I picked up my belongings I realized that the only missing thing I cared about was Nellie. Why would they take my dog? What were they doing to her? Had she been tired of being left alone while I worked and gladly followed them out of my life? I found myself crippled in my sorrows once again. This time I had nothing left. I had never been part of a family and was not quick to make friends. I had Tom and Nellie; now they were both gone. I found a bottle of whiskey in the cupboard and sat down to drown my sorrows. Hungover and depressed the next day I called into work. They could find someone else to write the news, I had a date with daytime soaps and a bottle of Jack. And while I knew this was only a temporary fix, I also knew that my mind would be unable to think of anything except how much I missed those big brown eyes. Months went by and each day got a little easier. Although no one could replace Tom, I even remarried a great man named Alex. It was a whirlwind romance that helped heal my heart from the devastating losses. I threw myself into my career and was quickly moving up the journalism ladder. When I uncovered what I believed to be an embezzlement scandal at the County funded drug rehabilitation center "Renew" I was thrilled. Of course this would be a tragedy for our community but I felt championed in my position as expose writer. This was not a story that I could half ass and I made it my duty to get every detail. I could barely sit still as I sat in the lobby of Renew waiting to meet with it's director. The bell on the front door would jingle as nurses and visitors funneled in and out of the building. In my own world, I barely acknowledged their presence until a wet cold nose nuzzled it's way under my hand, bumping it off the paper as I wrote. Glancing down I saw nothing but beautiful brown eyes staring up at me. "Get over here, Angel!" A young man pulled on the other end of the leash. "I'm real sorry mam' she's not usually up in other peoples business but I guess she ain't afraid to bother you!" I stared in disbelief. It was Nellie, there was no doubt in my mind. I reached out my hand to touch her, as I did she let out a happy whimper. Immediately dropping my journal I kneeled onto the floor to hug her. Tears filled my eyes as I turned to the young man. Trying to find the right words I studied him. He couldn't have been older than 25 but his face bore the marks of many struggles. His over sized clothes reaked of cigarette smoke. He gave me an awkward smile. "I guess you like dogs huh?" he half stated, half asked. "Where did you get this dog?" was all I could choke out. "Someone gave her to me, why do you care?" he seemed agitated by my quick interest and overwhelming love for his dog. As he started to pull on the leash I quickly came gathered my thoughts and backed off a little bit. Nellie nudged my hand again as I asked; "Sorry I was just wondering where you got this incredible dog?" His face softened and he relented. "I used to be a patient here, someone found this poor pup in a drug house. They brought her here as a therapy dog. I don't know if we saved her or she saved me, but cause of her I ain't had any slip ups in 6 months now!" Just as quickly as my heart had began racing my stomach began to sink. Here was my sweet Nellie, my best friend and yet no longer mine. "Hey lady since ya'll like each other you think that you could watch her while I go talk to the lady at the desk? They make me fill out all this freakin paperwork just so I can bring her to my meetings" I nodded. Looking into her eyes I whispered to her "Hi Nellie Baby" Her tail thumped the ground, as she furiously wagged it. Tears filled my eyes once more, and I leaned in to hug her one last time.