Fma, right? Force is mass times acceleration. We've known that for hundreds of years. High schoolers can recite that in their sleep. So why didn't that damn cup fall off the table? I had just finished breakfast and was cleaning up when I accidentally backhanded a half-empty cup of coffee. It skittered across the few inches to the side of the table and just..... stopped. It hung over the edge like a drunk girl at a frat party. I remember a brief flash of panic - I was already running late because I forgot I had to get to work early today and I didn't have time for a major mess. But there was no mess. I reached over and very gently pulled the cup back on the table. I kept thinking about the cup all morning on my drive to work. To be honest, it was all I could think about most of the morning. I had a numbingly boring meeting just before lunch. I quietly pulled out my phone and checked the news just so I wouldn't have to listen to Kathy drone on (again) about quarterly projections being off. "IOWA WOMAN STOPS MASS SHOOTING!" screamed a headline from CNN's front page. I check it out. Some old lady in Dubuque who fancied herself a bit of a fortune teller thought something bad was going to happen. So she follows her gut and finds some high school kid with an arsenal ready to lay waste to his entire class. She talked him down and called the cops. He was taken in for psych eval and she was praised as a hero. She claimed it was her "gift." That night another story popped up just after I'd put the kids to bed. My wife handed me her phone with a "Look at this." A guy in Japan had claimed to have talked directly with an ancient ancestor overnight. Normally everyone ignores those crackpot stories - but this guy got some highly detailed information. Specifically where a large cache of ancient weapons had been stored (some cave or something, I think). He had found out some more stuff about ancient battles and they were talking about contacting some archaeologists to look into. Of course, the guy also found out that his wife was cheating on him. I guess the old ghost was kind of a perv and liked to watch. By the following morning, it was harder to rationalize the news stories and even things we were seeing in out everyday life. The kids woke up and found the tooth fairy sitting at the end of the bed. They freaked out and I ended up taking a swing at the little pixie with a nine iron. Not my proudest moment. She left and we all decided to take the day off. The lead story on the news were those damn bunnies. The Large Hadron Collider was running some experiment to find some sort of tiny little particle, as they do. One of the science journalists described it as trying to pull a rabbit out of a hat. They fired up the LHC and something wasn't right. When they opened up the machine to figure out what was wrong, several dozen bunnies came tumbling out. The scientists tried to claim it was just some wildlife that burrowed in. But really - what the hell kind of rabbits burrow 100 meters underground? There was the lady in Brazil who claimed to have conjured a vengeful Amazonian spirit who was attacking logging crews. Nobody saw the spirit but something definitely happened to toss those bulldozers a quarter mile. Some people decided this would be a good time to go crazy. They started worshipping old gods - Odin and Zeus and Ra. A few even started trying to drum up support for fake gods - Cthulhu and Flying Spaghetti Monster and Obi-Wan Kenobi (though, to be fair, the last one had the best pitch: "Like you've got a better idea?. A few days of increasing oddness and even the most jaded and skeptical had to admit that the old rules had changed. The initial shock was just beginning to wear off when we started hearing about the bad things. People losing their homes after cracking a mirror. Murder rates quadrupling on Friday the 13th. Children gone missing in the middle of the night with strange claw marks on the floor. Everyone realized that the old legends had started coming true and that there were good things and bad thing. Creeping and crawling things that were trying to worm there back into the world. Forgotten things that wanted to remind us of why we were afraid of them in the first place. That's why this organization was created. When we left behind the fears and the darkness, we were little better than trained monkeys. The darkness was much more powerful than we could dream. Now though, we've had time to learn. Now it is our turn to be the monsters. They come for us one on one. They don't know what fully automatic weapons are. They don't know what fighter jets and tanks are. They don't know what nuclear weapons are. What they are going to learn is that even nightmares can fear.