I had always wondered where the bloodstains on my pimp's books came from. Six weeks ago I found out. I was short a bit as I returned a book to him. He came at me. I stabbed him and ran. It was a long six weeks. Finding another supplier can be hard. Finally a week ago I heard Jimmy in accounting make a veiled reference to the tell tale heart. It took me another three days to get him alone in a place I was sure we wouldn't be overheard. I told him to name his supplier or I'd out him. I should have kept searching elsewhere instead. It was a fucking library. Local suppliers are great because there are so many only the bad ones get caught. The big boys, libraries, Barnes and Nobles, Antique Book stores, they get hunted. They are the subject of long term sting operations that get hundreds of readers arrested. I couldn't wait though. It had been too long. Following his instructions I entered I walked up to a seedy looking apartment building near the river. It smelled in this part of town on account of the sewage treatment plant. Ignoring it, I pressed the buzzer for apartment 3E. "Who isssss it?" Came a voice that could pass for a doting grandmother. "Its me ma, let me in." I responded. A load buzz came from the intercom indicating I could pull the door open. The fourth floor was totally converted. Jimmy told me they were eventually going to turn over the whole building once they got the tunnels installed, and make the outside look completely deserted. As it was, the only people who lived here were the librarians. A man in a tweed jacket met me as I finished climbing the stairs. "Jimmy told us you'd be coming. He also said you were a bit.....aggressive is how he phrased it. That won't be welcome here." "Yeah yeah, I'm just looking for a good time, no trouble. My regular supplier came after me when I was short, one time after six months of faithful on time payments. I..." "This is a library, everything is free." he said, cutting me off with an air of superiority I didn't like. Still, free sounded good. "If you don't mind I took the liberty of setting aside some books I think you might like." He lead me through hallways lined with books into apartment 4C. Striding in confidently, I felt my jaw unhinge as I looked inside. "Yes yes, we've set it up as a classical reading room. All of the apartments on this floor are set up this way for readers who can't take out books for one reason or another. Here, let's see how you like these. The assorted works of Poe, Wells, and Doyle were set on the table. Lifting up the complete Sherlock Holmes, I glanced at the contents then thumbed through to my favorite, the hounds of baskerville. Not a controversial choice, but I loved it all the same. I noted the gold leaf lines pages, the excellent condition, and I flipped to the front. The book was only five years old. "Where are you getting these?" "I can't say." his faced set hard. I could tell I was asking the wrong question. "How are you funding this?" "Donations, gifted estates, and other means I'm not at liberty to say." "How long can I take this out for?" "Three weeks is the standard, if you need longer you'll have to pay a modest fee, and compared to what your old supplier probably charged I promise it will be very modest." An hour later I walked in my apartment, locked the door, went to my bedroom, closed the blinds, put on some smooth jazz, and dimmed the lights. Reading by a book light may hurt your eyes in the long run but I need the mood to be just right.