Louisa drew the curtains closed, and sat down on the couch. Sure, it was a little strange that he wanted the room so dark, but nothing could make her happier than to make him feel happy in his own home. After all, he'd been gone for so long. Next to the sofa, baby Jenna cooed in her crib. She rolled onto her back, and was squeezing her plump little feet in her hands. Louisa had pulled her crib into the living room, so Jenna could finally meet her Father when he woke up from his nap. But her father had been napping for rather a long time. And that smell coming off of him - like hot metal and something..... not rotten, but close. "Honey," Louisa said, sitting herself in the crook of his legs. "Mmm," Scott grunted, not even bothering to budge - let alone look at her. "Honey," she said again, putting a hand on his thigh. It was oddly cold. "Do you remember when you said,'the first thing I'm going to do I get home is take a shower. A real shower'." One of his eyes flicked open, making an almost imperceptible wet sound, "No." "Well you did." "Changed my mind," his voice was almost acidic with impatience. He wasn't usually this gruff with her. Scott rolled over, and more gurgling sounds lifted up from his abdomen. She chalked it up to Space Fatigue, if there ever was a thing. The other husbands and wives talked about Space disorders a lot, but she was sure they had been joking. Space Flu, Space Fatigue, the bug from space. Always said with a wink and a laugh. She sighed, "Well, when you change your mind, there are fresh towels in the cabinet." He grunted. Louisa stood up, checked on baby Jenna - who was trying to fit her whole fist into her mouth - and passed by the curtained window on her way out of the room. A thought struck her. Perhaps he just needed some light? Before her hand could even touch the curtains, Scott was sitting up. "Don't." "I just thought "Don't, " he growled. She'd never heard him talk like that before. Her voice caught in her throat, and without a word, she retreated from the room. Space Fatigue. It has to be Space Fatigue. Louisa wandered through the house, shaking her head as if she could shake away the discomfort simmering in her gut. She found herself inside the guest bathroom, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet. Bzzzt bzzzt The vibrations nearly scared her out of her skin. The face of her phone lit up. Bzzzt bzzzt Someone was calling her - a number she didn't know. Thoughts yet swarmed around her, so she let it go to voicemail. But what if he's like this forever? What if he never warms up to Jenna. Did something- Bzzzt bzzzt It was the same number. This time she answered, waiting two or three seconds before letting out a quiet, "Hello?" "Mrs. Kelly? Is that you, Mrs. Kelly?" "Yes, may I ask "Oh, Jesus Christ. Thank God!" the voice on the other end, a man's voice, let out a panting sigh of relief, "If it had been him - No, nevermind. There's no time. Mrs. Kelly, is your husband at home?" "Yes." She heard him mutter a vulgar word to himself, before putting his mouth back to the phone, "OK. Mrs. Kelly, I need you to keep him there. Don't do anything to upset him. He's been angrier than usual, right? More on edge?" "Well, he has, but I thought it was just the..... the space fatigue." She half-expected the man on the other end to laugh. Instead, she was met with a solemn silence. A silence that sent shivers down her spine. "Mrs. Kelly," the voice said at last, "It's worse than that. Much worse. Go, keep an eye on him and - I apologize, I don't have your records - do you have any children?" "A six-month old daughter, yes." "Shit, " the voice whispered, not trying to hide it this time, "OK, go get your daughter. Make sure she's safe and keep her close. And whatever you do, do not let your husband eat." "He's sleeping." "Good," the voice sounded out of breath, "Good, we'll be there in five minutes." Before she could ask anything else, the call beeped off. She sat there, in a shocked silence, for the better part of a minute. Was this a joke? BANGBANGBANGBANG the bathroom door rattled in it's hinges. "Louisa!" Scott's voice invaded the silence, "I'm starving! Make me some food!" She cupped a hand over her mouth, stifling her scream. [ Part 2 ] (https: ) is below, or [ read the rest on rPSHoffman! ] (https: )