I clutched at my arm and hastily rolled up the sleeve to my coat. Originating from my palm and climbing all the was up to the pit of my elbow was lines of red energy. This energy brought equal amounts of pain and awe. I cried out in agony as the lines crawled up my arm, worming their way into the meaty sinew of my flesh. I fell to the ground in my workshop and looked up at the black box, the cause of these mysterious lines. I realized what this meant Jordan must have known that this box was cursed. He also knew I would be one of the few people able to open this damned box. " Charles? I heard you scream are you alright? " Mel stood outside the doorway, she gasped when she saw the carnivorous veins ravaging my body. I growled at her to leave and instead she rushed over to my side. I pulled my corrupted arm away from her and it fell limp against the cement floor with a disgusting slap of decaying flesh. " Go away Mel, I've stumbled into something dangerous, take the kids and leave! " The veins had crawled into my torso and I felt them disrupting major organs. I fought to breath and Mel shook her head no. She tried to pull my towards the door and I yelled with the last of my strength. " Mel! Leave and never come back! I'm going to die and there is nothing we can do! Jordan is going to come for whatever the hell is in that box and he won't hesitate to kill you and the kids. " " I can't just leave you Charles! You're my husband goddamnit, I'm not just going to leave you! " I tried to push her away, but my arms wouldn't respond. My whole body was paralyzed and I assumed the tendrils had begun tearing my spine apart. I gasped feebly and she started crying. It was then I heard the scream of my own children, punctuated by two gunshots. Mel's eyes grew wide and she looked at the door to my workshop. She bolted for the door and just as she stepped over the thresh hold another gunshot echoed through the house. She fell backwards and hit the cement floor with an incredibly loud smack. From the doorway Jordan emerged. He ran a hand through his slick black hair and holstered his Glock 17. He stepped over the corpse of my wife and looked at me, his dress shoes tapped lightly against the cement floor. Without a word Jordan looked over at my workbench and closed the black box. He pocketed the hellish device and left through the door again. I lay on that cold cement floor I felt an impotent fury well up inside my being. The tendrils had begun to consume my head. And as my vision faded, I did not die.