Merlin dragged the mop across the filthy office floor. On one hand he was cleaning up after pigs, but on the other hand, he finally could feel what it was like to be seen as one of the normies, someone who doesn't carry the responsibility that comes with being the most powerful, only remaining wizard. He sighed and felt real relief. Then his boss walked in. He watched his boss in slow motion, labeling every aspect of him the second time that day. Pig-like. Dim-witted. He understood the blokes life at a glance. Merlin knew this was normal behavior of himself, the kind he was trying to avoid, so he let it go. He watched as the man's mouth opened. Flecks of saliva fell loosely into the air. A moment of self consciousness spread across his expression for a moment, then it was stifled by the discipline of a hateful character, leaving only worry and hate. " THIS..." He watched the hatred spread across the mans face. He wondered if this man had ever had a moment of empathy in his entire existence. It made him reflect on his own life when it was puny and mortal. He overcame that stuff. He was much different from this man. " FLOOR..." This man clearly wanted to hurt him. He had no respect for him, and he barely knew him. Why? What did this person think of him? " IS..." A man who walked through the door, seeming slightly unhinged, occasionally referencing something beyond his conceptions. His boss disrespected him because he thought Merlin was a loser worse than himself! Well Merlin could hardly blame him. A creature longing for love, but unwilling or unable to put himself out there, to find others who could love the good in him. " STILL..." Merlin wondered if he should set this man up on a date, or put him out of his misery. Date, misery, date, misery...... Misery. Fire boiled up from his eyes. The man showed signs of shock, surprise, fear, disgust. Then before the pig even knew it happened, he fell, utterly lacking of grace, like a collapsing building, or..... more like a salt shaker being spilled, because this was exactly the kind of thing he was trying to avoid. He clicked his tongue, made an expression of regret, sighed lightly, and walked away. He decided it would be best to try again. Maybe he would be successful, and maybe even fix the universe. He decided he would need to calculate everything about it again another day. The pig hit the ground. Merlin's associates came out of the woodwork to clean up after him as Merlin wistfully walked out of the building with renewed purpose and a lesson learned.