(Couldn't think of an emotion I'm out of touch with, so I went with a secondary POV, watching the action.) "Have no fear, Matrix Man is here!" I was flat on the ground, with my hands on my head, but I twisted around to look. Sure enough, there was the skinny man in a white and yellow leotard and a letter M on his chest. On his left hand was a golden, glowing ring. "That superhero I've heard about!" I whispered to the person next to me. He was a man in a business suit, and he sighed audibly. "He tried to get my friend's purse stolen from a robber. He's..... not so great." "Whaddo you mean?" I hissed. "He can bend time and space, like Neo in the Matrix movies, right? That's where he got the name!" "That's true, and that's only his strongest power. But, rumor has it, his powers are fueled by rage. And he's..." One of the robbers laughed. "We've heard about you, Matrix Man. Why don't you just step aside and maybe no blood will be shed." "Hey," said Matrix Man, "you're being rude. Think of these people! They might have a business meeting to get to, and their suits are now ruined by the dirty ground." One of the robbers pointed his gun at the hero. "One last time, bitch. Get out or we'll put a hole between your eyes." "That would make it very hard for me to breathe," Matrix Man said, "but I appreciate the effort of your threat." He seemed to remember he was supposed to be stopping him. "Now stop, evildoer!" BANG! My ears rang, and I looked as Matrix Man put a hand to his forehead. He pried out the bullet that had scrunched up into little more than a metal disk. "That wasn't very Christian of you," he intoned. "Shut up, you jackass!" shouted a robber. "Or we'll kill a hostage!" He pointed a gun at me. Why, why did I have to be closest to him. I prayed Matrix Man would get really mad really soon before my brains were splattered on the floor. "No law-abiding citizen will be hurt under my watch!" But he still looked placid and not overly annoyed by what was happening. The way I saw it, I was about to die anyway. This might save my life, and if it didn't I still got to dis a superhero. "Hey, Matrix Man, your mom's a fat ho!" The bank started shaking from its very foundations. Walls cracked, small bits of the ceiling crumbled off, and Matrix Man's ring started glowing with a fierce light that lit up the whole room. It was over in a flash. The three crooks were on the ground. Their bags of money were as well. I breathed a sigh of relief. "Sorry, man," I said. "It's nothing personal Matrix Man's eyes glowed an evil yellow light. He stood in front of me, holding up one planet-cracking fist. "What did you say about Mama Matrix?" I guess it kind of backfired.