"d'Ours. Step forward if you will." Albatross d'Ours' expression was blank as all the eyes in the court chamber turned towards him, waiting for his reaction. To his credit he held himself with great dignity, despite the several cups of poteen he had during the meal. He rose from where he sat at the long low table, walking over to where his lord sat in place of pride at the head. All the courtiers and visitors gazes' followed him as he passed by increasingly ranking nobles. d'Ours' own mint green eyes were leveled at the painted screen ahead of him, not once shifting. From the corner of his eye he could see Lord Asano's daughter Kumiko willing her face to be emotionless, eyes cast down to avoid betraying anything she might be thinking. Her hair was dyed whiter than the purest snow, a jade comb pinning a portion of it up. Just outside of sword reach he stopped, falling to his knees as he bowed. "How may I serve you, my lord?" d'Ours asked, forehead against the clean straw mat that made up the floor. "Rise, and tell my honored guests your story, and how one of such..... fairness came to my court." His Lord Asano instructed him. d'Ours looked out over the intrigued guests, curiosity clear on their faces despite their best efforts of hiding it. d'Ours inhaled through his nose, taking in the lingering scents of the meal and burning incense, mind fading back to memories like the mist and dew, pure and clean from pollution. "My name is Albatross d'Ours of the Xaxon Tribe. My father was Harrier d'Ours, noted Air Corsair of the Ursine, and had two hundred swords at his command. Fourteen years ago he ran afoul of picket ships which precipitated the Xaxon-Nithon War. The Nithon of course were victorious during the war, and as part of the peace-talks I was placed under my Lord Asano's tutelage as assurance. Coming to the Westwind at the age of two, my entire life has been with the Nithon. I have no memories of my prior life with the Xaxons and have grown up thinking of myself as one of the people despite my obvious differences. Lord Asano has made sure I have wanted for nothing, and has been a most generous lord." d'Ours made a bow in his direction. The lord spoke immediately afterwards. "Young Albatross d'Ours has been almost like a son to me, and has shown only the greatest loyalty and dedication to the clan. While unorthodox, it is certainly not unheard of, and so it will be my pleasure to formally induct d'Ours into the clan at his coming of age. Kumiko," He addressed her with a motion of his hand beckoning her forward. "is much like her mother; headstrong, talented, and beautiful. She is blessed by the spirits, able to communicate and summon them. She will be a potent asset to the clan. But such a powerful individual is one surrounded by those who'd want to do her harm." The assembled lords nodded. Those with the gifts of the spirits and mages were rare and coveted, and in battle one of the principal objectives was the elimination of the enemy's magic users. One mage lending their power to a force was worth a hundred warriors in combat. "You, d'Ours have grown into the man I admire; brave, skilled, and above all, loyal. Albatross d'Ours. Do you promise to serve as yojimbo to my daughter, to safeguard her life and soul from all who would do her harm, even from her husband?" "I do, my lord."