Irradiated? Well that puts a spin on things..... And I thought the job went well..... "Well..... Fuck." Don sighed after he heard the news anchor. He stopped cleaning his favorite assault rifle, Betty, and walked over to join the others in front of the television. "Did I hear him right? Radiation? Like, nuclear bombs and stuff? Why the hell is our payload covered in it?" "They didn't say." Rick replied curtly. He took a large swig of whiskey. "The why doesn't really matter though, does it? This situation wasn't outlined in our contract. The way I see it, it doesn't concern us." The hell it does "But the bag is sitting right here, Rick." Claire pointed out. "And we don't even know what it is!" "It's not our job to know." Rick said calmly. "Fuck, man!" Don interjected. "I don't want to grow tentacles and shit!" He stood abruptly and looked at last night's loot as if it was going to explode. "We got ta..... leave! Or get rid of that thing..... or something! "You're not going to grow tentacles, we're not going to leave, and we're not getting rid of 12 million dollars." I let Rick believe he was in charge. I did all the leg work and had all the responsibility, but he was the boisterous one. Rick spoke with the contractors, and kept morale up. He was confident, but he had reason to be. The job went exactly according to plan. "How do you know that!" "Didn't you hear the news anchor?" Claire scoffed. "She said'the amount of radiation the was being emitted from the stolen object should have been enough to kill us by now.' Do you know what that means?" Of course he didn't. Don ran "Security" for the crew, but everyone else calls him a mercenary. When we chose him for our crew, he was the best of a bad selection, and he knew it. "So you think that its a trick? You think the feds are trying to get us to turn ourselves in?" Don gleaned hopefully. I laughed aloud and decided to pipe up. "No. The package is definitely irradiated. Did you ever stop to think why the bag was so heavy?" "Fuck man, I'm not a physicist, is radiation heavy or something?" I had to laugh again before responding. "No, radiation isn't heavy by itself, but the bag easily weighed 30 kilograms and it's no larger than a child's backpack. Either the object we transported is a vat of nuclear waste, or it is entirely encased in lead. The news anchor said that we should be dead. Not only are we not dead, we aren't even sick." Too lazy. I'll write more if people want it.