" Sales are going up slightly, we have seen a good projection in the last 3 months. We are hoping that this will continue into the next fiscal year, but it all depends on the market right now " said some guy from Marketing. Bill wasn't paying attention, but just as he started listening again the onslaught of uselessness information made him zone out again. It was a huge meeting and thankfully it was being conducted online, so Bill could zone in and out at his leisure. He began researching where he should go on his next trip. Perhaps out in the mountains. Canada looks amazing, the Rockies. " Oh wow that looks beautiful " Steve says behind Bill. Bill jolts and closes the window " Oh, sorry Steve, I was just- " " Oh it's alright Bill! You are doing great this year " Steve says to him, leaning on his cubicle with his hands behind his back. " How many holidays you have left? " Steve continued and Bill turned to him, taking off his headphones. " I have about 10 days, so I think that could be a solid two weeks out there, ya know " he pointed towards the screen. Steve nodded " Yep, yep, good stuff. I was there last year ya know. Great place. So many sights, so many smells. So many things to chase. I loved it " and Steve smiled. Bill wondered what he meant by " chase " but shrugged it off. " That's cool, are there any places you could suggest? I was thinking of going with the other half, so partner stuff would be good. " and Steve changed his stance and looked off in the distance. " Hmmm " he thought, scratching his head, as he did so his foot was kicking the ground slightly. Bill raised his eyebrows, but then composed himself and focused on Steve's face again. " Yeah they have a really nice park where you can rent a canoe and do some rafting. That's always fun with a partner or others. They also have a really great dog park there, definitely would recommend " he smiled. Steve's butt was rocking slightly to and fro. Bill nodded " Yeah that sounds good. Do you think I could take 2 weeks in a row, say, in September? " and Steve immediately answered " Of course! You have been doing the best so far in the team, but don't tell the others " he winked, but did it so casually that Bill wasn't sure if he was sincere. " High paw! " Steve said and raised his hand. Bill, without thinking, booped his hand with Steve's. It was instinctive, so natural that Bill was surprised by the action. " Haha, good stuff. Well, get back on that call, and keep performing! " Steve said as he swaggered away. As he left earshot, his colleague Michael leaned over " Dude, Bill, do you think that Steve is- " " A dog? I've been thinking so for a while " Bill shot back. They looked at each other. " I don't have anything against dogs, but it would be weird having a dog working with us " Michael said, licking his paw and putting it to his face. " Yeah, but I think it's fair. We don't want to be racist, Mike. Besides, I don't think he should hide it. It's pretty obvious that he has been sniffing other people's butts. We have to be more open now " Bill answered and raised his eyebrows. The poodle sitting to the right of Michael had heard the conversation and frowned. Bill sighed and put his headphones back on. With the emancipation of dogs in the workplace it was still something they had to get used to as felines, but Bill believed in the long run it would benefit everyone. How else was Zootopia to become a Utopia?