David pauses in the waves and turns to look at me with a wrinkled nose. "Christ, Claire, seriously?" The grease runs from my fingertips down my slender wrists, glistening rivers of cooking fat that tickle the fine hairs on the undersides of my forearms. I take another bite of the hamburger and let out the tiniest of grunts. "But Dave, " I exclaim, through a half-mouthful of ground meat. "Goddamn. It's good. " "You're polluting the ocean," he says, disapproving. His hair rustles gently in the breeze. "You're gon na..... I dunno. Kill all the fish or some shit." I take a few buoyant steps in his direction. The sand is soft under my toes. "That doesn't even..." I pause for a moment, swallow the food in my mouth, continue. "Make sense, David. They're fish. They probably want some of this burger-y action I've got goin' on here." I pop the last morsel into my mouth and start chewing. "But they can't have any," I continue, winking. "It's all mine. " "You're gon na get a cramp and drown," says David, turning away from me and glaring. "You're supposed to wait, like, an hour or something." "That's just a superstition!" I tell him cheerfully, lurching forward and diving into the salt water. The ocean envelops me like a blanket; my blonde hair fans around me and every breath I take is laced with salt. Delicious. I love it. I let the tide carry me until the shore is a glistening yellow band in the distance. David is a few hundred feet to my right, diving towards the ocean floor for a few seconds at a time, emerging wet and glistening and powerful, like an animal being reborn. It is unbelievably sexy. After this I think we'll go straight back to our hotel room and The faintest suggestion of pressure on my palm. I go stiff in the water and pull my hand out from the waves. Ah, shit, I think, toes tingling, there's an animal out here. Oh, fuck. It better not be a fucking shark I swear to God My other hand, still warm and cocooned in the water, is abruptly pulled a few inches forward. I let out a strangled cry and lash out with my feet, but they don't hit anything. David is still underwater. He can't hear me. He can't see me. "Oh my God." Kicking like I am I'm able to stay above the waves, but something has my arm. It's the strangest feeling, moist and rough all at once. Whatever it is the water is too murky to see. To my right, David emerges. "David!" I shout, and my voice is thin and reedy. "You got ta help !" Another tug on my arm. This time I can't fight it. I go under. For a moment my eyes sting and smart as they adjust to the gloom. Air bubbles stream from my nostrils. I squint and peer out through a fringe of dark eyelashes. It stares back at me. Oh God, oh God. The eyes. The eyes. Huge, massive, luminous discs that rise from the darkness below. Bigger than dinner plates, bigger than my goddamned head. Fixed on me with a dull sparkling intelligence behind them. Its head is so massive that I could lie across the forehead and have room to stretch my legs. Below it is a mammoth fleshy trunk of a neck and a vague approximation of a torso that stretches away into the darkness below. I don't even remember floating so far out. I can just about make out the rounded slope of a shoulder. Oh God, the arms must be meters in length, maybe longer. Oh God. Mermaid, I think. It smiles at me placidly, and in that smile are rows upon rows of jagged, pointed teeth. In between one set I can see a human arm waving sadly, fingers splayed and falling apart in the water, skin hanging loosely and floating with the current. Beyond the teeth is only darkness and a cavernous mouth so vast that I wouldn't be able to touch either cheek with both of my arms extended. The tongues come coiling from between bloodless lips, so many tongues, as thin and whip-like and delicate as the tongues of humans, scenting the air, stirring the water. One is wrapped around my wrist. As I watch, almost fascinated, it runs itself along one of the grease trails on my skin. It shudders, worm-like, and pulls a little tighter. I begin to descend. I'm thrashing now, screaming uselessly, and the air pours from my desperate lungs. Where's David where the fuck is he oh God oh Christ oh no The smile yawns and opens and all I can see is teeth, teeth everywhere, teeth as big as I am. And the tongues are pulling me down, down, licking me, scenting the grease and liking the taste. Even as I pass the first row of teeth I can see the eyes fixed on me, the savage stupid delight in them at the taste of something remembered and cherished. I stare up at the red ribbed roof of its mouth. The jaws begin to close and the teeth glint in the water. I shouldn't have eaten, I think. EDIT: formatting