They mocked me. I mean, the ability to refill anything. That's shite. It's hardly flight..... or telekinesis..... They all picked on Little Jimmy, with his crappy ability, and his little glasses..... I snapped. This is my confession. It all started with one bad day. I was eating in the cafeteria, and then..... she arrived. Practically radiant. Amusing, considering her power was the ability to manipulate light. I can remember well, her drawing snowflakes in the winters out of pure starlight..... Sorry. I get distracted sometimes. I've got no regrets, but I do wish I'd asked her out. As it stands, no chance of that now. Anyways, the cafeteria. Sorry, I'm trying to muster up the chance to ask her out. Then, it happens. That asshole Malcolm just walks up and..... wait, that may sound contradictory. Yes, Malcolm was a hero, hence why he was at hero school, but he was a colossal asshole. Like, he'd save a bus, but only for the gratitude and medals. He was here because he knew he was better than everyone. A real smug little bastard. Anyway, he just walks up, and she giggles and blushes, and walks out minutes later. And then, he sits down next to me. "What up, loser? Get any powers worth a damn?" I don't reply. "Hey, you little bitch, you're supposed to listen to me." Still nothing. I clench my fists. So, when he punches me round the face, I lose it. I can feel my power activating, but..... what's filling up? Then, I see him. Convulsing. Choking. And then, he collapses into unconsciousness. I quickly shut off my powers. He's rushed to hospital. In the long run, he survived. Turns out I burst several of his blood vessels, and practically gave him a heart attack. As the Headmaster tells me off for "reckless abuse of powers." I'm not listening, because I have an epiphany. We're all made of liquids. I almost burst every vein, artery and capillary in his body by accident. He may be able to regenerate, but that'd take him days..... and then, I have a second realisation. I can do whatever the fuck I want. This society is bloated and corrupt if pricks like Malcolm can be considered "Heroes." So, Mr. Law Man, this is my confession, recorded for your pleasure. I'm not here, I'm in a totally different building, filling up every boiler and pipe in that apartment block. It's going to blow soon, and I wouldn't want to be there when it does. So here's my last warning. Don't get in my way. I'm recruiting the like-minded, those who see how..... decadent..... society has become. Those who resist the new world will be crushed underfoot.