I watched as the Malvox emperor, along with his six generals walked towards me and my alien translator. About 300 yards behind the emperor, were around a quarter of a million of his troops. They were a massive species, averaging around 8 feet in height. With their imposing armor, they kinda reminded me of anime mech fighters from a cartoon that I used to watch as a kid. The Malvox emperor and generals dismounted from their alien steeds and walked towards me. He assumed that since that I didn't bring an army with me, that I would be negotiating the Frollen nation's terms for surrender..... he assumed wrong. Through my Frollen translator, I suggested that it would be in the emperor's best interest to surrender instead. My translator nervously relayed my message. Unsurprisingly, the emperor and his generals began laughing loudly. My translator told me his response: "Roughly translated sir, he said that he thinks that you humans must be insane or stupid. I think I'll take your little world next just because of your insolence." I replied with: "Emperor, you have no idea who you're dealing with. The reason that I didn't bring an army with me is because I don't need one. The Frollen informed me that you, along with all of the other sentient species in this quadrant have, "rules of war" that you guys have strictly followed for over 3,000 years." "When they showed me footage of what those rules entailed, I literally had to sit down because I was laughing so hard. You guys literally choose a place and time to meet for a battle. What's really crazy is that you declare ahead of time which side of the field that you would be fighting from. Emperor, even your style of fighting is quaint to me. You guys line up nice and orderly, and then take turns firing at each other with single-shot, musket-type laser weapons. It reminds me of an old war our ancestors had a couple hundred years ago. I'm going to give you one more chance to surrender before I kill all of your troops and your generals." The emperor, was no longer laughing. He told me that in no uncertain terms was he surrendering. He also mentioned that he was going to enjoy watching his pets tear me from limb to limb after he crushes to Frollen homeworld. The emperor watched as I pulled out a small metallic cylinder from my left pocket. I flipped off the top and pressed the red button with my thumb. The emperor watched in horror as the battlefield that his troops were standing on uniformly exploded. He couldn't comprehend what was happening. What the emperor couldn't comprehend was that the day before, I had my demolition guys bury a thousand C4 charges on the side that he pre-chose to place his troops on. The emperor was also at a loss when I drew my glock from my holster and killed all six of his generals. "H-h-how? How is this possible?!?! My army..... my generals. How did you kill my generals without repriming your weapon after each shot?" "It's called a semi-automatic handgun. I could shoot your generals nine more times before reloading. Also, your army was destroyed with this little thing called explosives. I didn't even have to show up today. I could have pressed that detonator while eating my breakfast this morning but I wanted to see you eye to eye." "Do you want to surrender now or do I have to start using my big weapons?"