"PETER! GET OUT OF YOUR FUCKING OFFICE AND GET YOUR ASS OVER TO MY OFFICE OR YOU'RE DEAD MEAT!" "I told you already, Alex, my name is Joe. You're calling the wrong number." "3!" he hung up "Sheesh. Did they get a new employee or something? I don't exactly like the fact that I'm getting all these calls...... Huh? That isn't supposed to go there..." An Ethernet cable was going to the wall, instead of the port, for some odd reason. Joe decided to investigate by following the wire. When he hit the end, he saw a small hole in the wall. "Interesting..." Joe stuck his ear next to the little hole, and, low and behold, there was some breathing. He was astonished by this, but stayed calm as to not drag attention. Now Joe, he wasn't very smart. Coming from a less..... Advanced state, he fixed all problems the one way he knew - breaking them. He grabbed a hammer, and smashed through the wall in 6 clean hits. A hole just large enough for a middle aged man. Inside was a small man-child with a goatee. "Who the hell are you?" asked the Goatee-Lover. "This is my office. Are you this Peter guy?" "Yeah, and this is my office. You officially resigned this morning. I've been running this place for the entire day. Have you been wondering why your stupid Reddit wasn't working? I've been placing appointments on your - excuse me, my connection." Around the corner was Alex, and boy was he pissed. But when he saw the scene before him, he had no words to express. "Peter? The hell are you doing in the wall?! And JOE! WHY'D YOU SMASH THE WALL IN?! NOT TO MENTION THE FACT THAT YOU RESIGNED A FEW HOURS AGO!" "I never resigned. This guy has been using my internet connection in my wall this entire day." "Excuse me, I thought this was my room!" "SHUT UP! BOTH OF YOU! And Joe, you sound sick. Are you ok? I don't want your nasty disease in my office." "I'm not sick..... Why?..." It slowly clicked in Joe's mind: This Peter guy impersonated Joe and took his office officially, and nobody let him know. He'd been out of a job, lounging around the entire day. Unfortunately, Alex couldn't understand. This is the end. I like the concept, but don't want to explore it fully right now. Should I continue it more?