A man in black stepped out of a portal. "Stu! You won't get away this time!" Gary reached into a his pockets and flung a spread of kunai at his attacker, each one with a paper wrapped around the hilt. "Explosive tags from Naruto." the man remarked. The deadly weapons vanished into thin air. "Try again?" Gary raised his hands, but the man spoke again before he could act. "I've cut off all connections to that universe. Your chakra techniques are just as useless." Gary opened his trench-coat to pull out more of his arsenal. The man spoke rapidly as he saw what his opponent was armed with. "Guns from Deus Ex, Mass Effect, Men in Black, and the low-poly one is from Doom. There's a Star Wars lightsaber and six Pokeballs on your belt." They vanished before Gary could fire a shot. Adding insult to injury, the man continued. "By the way, your trenchcoat is a rip-off from the Matrix." The garment vanished, leaving him in jeans and a t-shirt. "Bullshit. How the hell are you doing this?" "You think you're special just because you toured around fiction and picked up a few toys? You're just another dumbass without an original thought in his head, so obsessed with gaining power you never think about a coherent narrative. You never stop to ask why most people don't cross over, or stick to one or two universes when they do. Well, I'm here to beat some order into your storyline, and no amount of superpowers will stand up to a critic with a grudge." "You're pretty good, but you can't fight what you can't catch!" Gary turned and spoke to the empty air. "Door me." A portal opened in midair, leading to a research lab somewhere in another universe. "The Doormaker from Worm, and..... dammit." The portal closed, but Gary was already gone. "Well, I'm sure you'll be back. Your kind never runs from a challenge." Sure enough, Gary reappeared in a flash of light, equipped with a massive suit of powered armor and an even bigger gun. The man dove to the ground as bolter rounds flew over his head. "Space Marine Terminator Armor? Are you crazy?" Gary didn't even seem upset as his armor vanished around him, revealing a smaller and lighter suit of armor underneath it. "Almost got you that time!" He raised his palms and fired two repulsor blasts, knocking the man sprawling. "Seriously? You're wearing Iron Man armor under that?" The man in black rolled to the side as a bluish stasis bolt flew at him. "And a Dead Space RIG under that? This is just getting implausible!" "Spoken like someone who can't take the heat!" Gary reached into his pockets and somehow pulled out a wizard's staff, decorated with rubies. An orange sphere flew from the tip, but fizzled out as the man replied. "Staff of Fire, from D D." With a crash and a clatter, the space around Gary was filled with weapons. Swords, staves, guns, cannons, and even more esoteric killing tools. "Ah, you were using a Bag of Holding, too! I wondered where you were keeping all this..." Gary scrambled through the remains of his inventory, desperately flinging whatever came to hand at his opponent before it could be erased. "Painkiller. Starcraft. Final Fantasy. Touhou. Bleach. Daikatana. Really, Daikatana? Just stop now before you embarass yourself." As the man finished running down the list, there was only one weapon left. A belt of throwing knives. "Dark Souls." Nothing happened. He frowned at that. "Dragon Age. Ninja Gaiden. Damn fantasy weapons all look the same. Thief? Exalted? Wheel of -urk!" That was as far as he got. In one smooth motion, Gary picked up the knives, drew one, and expertly threw it into the man's chest. The man in black staggered back, clutching at the hilt of the knife. He fell to the ground, gasping for breath. "What..... what is that?" Gary finished putting on the belt of knives. "That's not something I picked up on my travels. It's from my home universe. I used to be Gary the Wanderer. Blade-slinging rogue, thief for hire. Still, after my first crossover, I thought I'd left behind my old job for good." "I'm..... I'm glad you still have an original thought in you..... somewhere." The man gasped, before finally expiring. Gary retrieved the dagger and carefully wiped it off before stowing it in his belt. He started walking towards the portal the man had arrived from. It was all well and good to travel the multiverse, he supposed, but he couldn't forget about where he came from, either. "Guess the vacation's over. Time to go home." - Yes, I named the universe-traveler Gary Stu. I suppose he isn't, technically, but what else do you call the man who gathers weapons and power from every universe he visits?