Well, today started out like any other. I was awoken by my alarm clock at about seven a'clock in the morning. When I opened my eyes, I could see that two robots were fighting to the death about two feet away from my bed. They did so silently, probably so that they would not wake me up too early, but when one of them, a short machine that looked like the robots from Terminator except it was a pearl white, noticed that I had woken up, pulled out his laser pistol and sent off a blast that destroyed the other robot's skull. I watched for a second, wondering how long they had fought and how long they had been in my house before realizing that I really did not care. I got up from my bed and started to get ready for school. As I did so, the robot politely excused himself and left. My entire kitchen area was torn apart, either from the dueling robots or from my roommate who got high the night before. The smell in the room was an odd combination of marijuana and burning metal from the robot skull. The front door to our house was full of bullet-holes, which robots had shot up last week during class. Their target? Our toaster. Just the toaster, not our fridge or television. When I asked some of my friends about this, they also found that their toasters had been destroyed by these robots. For some reason, they either hate toasters, or they are convinced that toasters are participating in this war. Maybe it's not for me to say, but delicious, sour dough toast has never had a major impact on a war. Honestly, these epic robot battles were getting really annoying. While I started the short drive down to my college, I noticed a flock of robot-geese flew over my truck as they shot lasers out of their eyes at unoccupied buildings and robots the size of buildings. Damn, why was traffic going so slow today?! A loud, crackling sound filled the air. I looked back toward the robo-geese to see that a small, monkey-like robot had grabbed one out of the air and was ripping it apart as it got lasered by its friends. I turned my radio on at full volume. My phone began to ring, I noticed it was my girlfriend. I began trying to talk to her, but the war outside was just too loud. I had to ask her to talk to me later. When I had finally gotten to class, I could see that bits of the buildings were now scattered along the fields around the University. Almost immediately, I visited one of my professors and began to talk. "So, what do you think of my essay?" I asked doctor Treskey. "Well, it's fine. Of course, there are a few problems that you will see in the grade, but I'm sure you will fix it." He told me. In reality, my essay sucked. Badly. Yet, for some reason, the guy had always taken a shining to me. That is why professor Treskey was my favorite professor. Notice how I said, "was" my favorite professor. Suddenly, a giant, brick-covered tentacle reached out from behind me and grabbed Treskey. He screamed as the tentacle squeezed tighter, then tighter. I became terrified as I started to think that the robots had finally turned on us! Yet, sparks began to fly from Treskey's face as his body crumpled like an aluminum can. There was no blood, just oil as I learned that Treskey was never human to begin with. I looked at the giant, robot that looked like a combination between a lion, octopus, and snake as I screamed, "WHAT THE HECK, THERE IS NO WAY I'M PASSING NOW!!!" It only looked at my calmly as it let go of the mechanical scrap that used to be my teacher. "Sorry, Mr." it paused as it scanned my face. "Roger Cross. As recompense the N.S.A. is prepared to compensate you with a gift card to your local Star-Wars-Bucks." "Screw off." I said to the mechanical beast, flabbergasted. I began to go back to class, trying to come up with any possible way I can pass Treskey's, or should I say, T-1-Douchebag's old class.