Knowing the precarious nature of man I warmed the cockles of my chest before responding, "I'm listening mortal..." The human pulled off a shining metal helmet and flung its golden locks back. Even in the pale torch light of my caverns it seemed to reflect the color of my coins. "You have in your possession a small token of great esteem for my native lands. To you it is a trivial little ring of brass but to me It is much more valuable. I wish to bargain for it." The human said in a confident but respectful tone. Normally when adventurers make their way into my sanctum they come in groups, set traps, and blather on and on about righteousness. It is exceedingly rare to to find one a cut above the rest. "What makes this ring valuable to yourself more than me?" I asked with some mild curiosity. "It is a magical ring that when worn can transform you into what I desire most. You are too large to use such a trinket." The human reasoned. "Interesting..." I mused. "What value in such a thing, what could you possibly offer in exchange for a magical ring?" "I am not a noble nor royal but anything that you desire that I can produce will be yours." The human said sitting crossed legged below my alter. Again its hair struck my eyes, long and golden obviously groomed for many years and kept free of tangles, blades, and briars. "I desire but one thing. Cut your golden locks and add them to my hold. For the love you have shown them and your vanity being struck would bring me more joy than any amount of gold your paltry life could gather." I do admit that being wicked to the race of man is particularly rewarding. They do scurry and war over such trivial things and believe that they are superior to all other creatures. It is a treasure in its own to knock them down a peg or two. The human pulled its hair for a moment, obviously taken back by the strange request. With no more than that moment of hesitation a small silver blade came out and in moments the long golden locks lay lifeless upon my hold. A moment of disappointment filled me. Obviously a magic ring is worth far more than hair but I had hoped for some moments of pain or anguish over loosing something you have taken pride on. "Very well mortal. If you can find your ring in this massive hold then you can use it." I mumbled moving slightly away from the hold. I must admit in my old age I have forgotten where every individual item has settled in my hold. The human took out a small scroll and read from it words that were foreign to me. I heard the rustle of gold coins and a small brass ring with a ruby set upon it levitated out of the horde and into the air. Now was my chance. Quickly I began to transform into the form that I have avoided when possible. A tall slender black haired main with pale skin and long red robes. I snatched the ring out of the air and landed softly before the warrior. "You can use it once I have taken my turn." I cackled. Slipping the ring on I immediately meditated on my own form, scales stronger than ever, breath hotter with teeth and claws sharper and longer than before yet years reset to that of young adulthood. I could feel the rings energy flowing through me and I closed my eyes. I felt my body rippling and strengthening..... stiffening? In horror I opened my eyes to see my body slowly changing into gold, from foot up it climbed. I quickly attempted to pull the ring off but my arms were already growing heavy and stiff. I looked to the human with such rage. "What is this sorcery! I should have known not to trust a human." I sputtered. Already my lungs were stiffening and breath was becoming shallow. "There was no deception on my part wyrm. It is transforming you into what I want the most. A golden statue of a handsome man will go nicely in my new castle. You should pay more attention to grammar and syntax." The final moments of a thousand years was to see the face of that dreadful women smiling in the torchlight.