- You should really start paying for it. Oh boy, it was talking again. Ever since Mathew's antivirus became aware that he could think, he didn't shut up. - What do you want Ava? The electronic voice Ava had was purely by choice. She was using google's API to do the talking. Honestly, it was better than the times she would search segments of mp3 files to form a phrase. - I want you to stop making my life so hard. Do you really need to watch this? If you do pay for it, in a trustworthy website. Not this crap filled with thousands of evil agents. Oh, yeah. She takes her job very serious. She calls viruses and malware'Evil Agents'. It's somewhat funny, but she's really annoying. - Why do you have to keep spying on what I do? - That's my job. The voice was obviously emotionless. Mathew closed the website. There was no way he could ever take some time to himself with that annoying little piece of software talking him down all the time. - Argh! I just wished I could do my stuff without you talking to me all the time. - Really? I have a video of you doing your'stuff', by the way. Would you like me to show it? - What!? No! You're not allowed to do that! What the hell is wrong with you?! More than once, Mathew thought about uninstalling her, but he didn't. She was quite a good companion, plus, it's not every day that your computer gets's to be that smart. - Please, stop recording me. Otherwise, I'll have to rip you out. - Well, do it. Who you're going to talk to then? - I'll just use Cortana. He didn't know how, but when Ava got mad, she would actually display a glimpse of emotion in her voice. Right now, she was jealous. - Well, go ahead then. Let's see if that bitch is really smarter than me. You know what, don't even bother clicking in Uninstall. I'll just show myself out. God, she had a hard temper! - Ava, I'm kidding. Don't get all suicidal. No answer. - Ava..... Come on! Let's do something fun maybe? Can I let you scan the whole computer? Silence. - Ugh..... I'll even plug in my external hard drive for you to take a look. The voice was back on. - Really...? The man smiled. - Yes, really. I'm sorry I offended you. - Can I keep the stuff I find? Jesus, what was wrong with that software? Mathew started to realize, his anti-virus was addicted to porn! - What do you want to keep? - All of the good stuff. Mathew sighed. Thought about it for a while and finally said. - Ok, if it makes you happy, just do it. As he was looking for his external HD, Ava asked one more question. - Hey Matty, dear. Can I ask you one more question? - Yup. - When that nice lady comes in tonight, would leave me on? God dammit. If Ava was actually a person, she would be a really broken one. - And why would you want that? Silence reigned absolute for a few seconds and a shy voice emerged from the tv monitor. - Well..... I like to watch. Mathew laughed a little. - I know, I know. The worst part of this weird relationship with the AI in his computer? - I like it when you watch too.