Members of the public are encouraged to stay away. Mr Sarkeesian is reportedly very dangerous and should be avoided at all costs. If anybody sees him do not hesitate to call the police. I repeat, do not hesitate..... I shut off the screen with a sigh of boredom. There's never anything interesting at this time of night. With my knees creaking, I amble my way through to the kitchen to find myself something to drink. The half-finished bottle of whiskey calls my name as I approach it. I'm sure one more can't hurt, I think to myself as the amber liquid falls into the glass. Breathing in thick fumes, I smile to myself as I tip it back to take a sip. Fire burns its way down my throat and drops napalm into the pit of my stomach, bringing with it a wonderful deep feeling of contentment. My phone jingles to life on the table behind me, a light-hearted melody demanding me to answer it. "Hey Sammy," I say cheerfully as the FaceTime connects itself to her. "Hey Doug," she replies with equal pleasure, "Are we still on for tomorrow?" Nodding slowly, I purse my lips to indicate, no reason we shouldn't be. "Yeah, we're still on. Why?" "Just wanted to check. Don't want it to be like last time." I roll my eyes at this. "It won't be, don't worry." "Yeah? Well it'd better not be," she smiles. Something just moved behind her. "Sammy, who are you with?" Frowning, she glances behind her briefly. "No one, why?" "It's just..... nothing." Must have just been my imagination. "Are you going to bring anything?" she asks. More movement behind her again. Closer this time. "Sammy! There's someone in there with you!" As I say this she screams as somebody grabs her from behind. I hear the unmistakable thump of her head colliding with the floor as I can't do anything but watch while he wrestles with her. The whole time she continues to scream as he rains down blow upon blow against her, each sounding just as heavy as the last. I'm frozen as I realise..... I just..... I don't..... I don't know what to do. I can't stop the trembling as tears begin to pour from my eyes. "Sammy," I plead as I grab the house phone to call the Police, anyone who could help. She's stopped screaming now. From the phone which I've left discarded on the table, I can hear only the sound of running water. Inching slowly towards the screen, I feel vomit forcing its way up my throat as I see what they've left for me. She's just lying there on the floor. Eyes wide open, blank. A thin red line from between her lips. Something else moves at the bottom of the screen. They want me to see this. It's Sammy's phone. A picture of me and her on the screen. And now the phone is unlocked. A hand scrolls through the contacts. It stops on me. My address appears on the screen. My address is on the..... They're coming for me. How long do I have? Five minutes at most probably. I search my apartment frantically, searching for anything I can use to defend myself. The police won't get here in the next five minutes. I know they won't. I grab the kitchen knife, and sprint to the front door to prepare myself. My foot catches on the corner of the table. That fucking table. I need to fix that. The knife plunges into my abdomen, and as I lay on the floor waiting for death, I hear laughter from my phone on the table. Two separate voices. "Happy Halloween Doug! I got you didn't I? I'll see you tomorrow, yeah?"