The plate was a mess. The mash potatoes were half gone and half the peas were spread across the mash as if combining the two would make their seem less. Another portion of the peas were on the floor. Credit where credit was due all the carrots had been eaten, but a remaining sausage was the definitive deal breaker that dinner had not been eaten. "James, do you think you've earned your desert." Mum said. "Is there any answer I can give that you that you'll approve of?" James replied. A few seconds passed as Mum took in the words and tried to formulate some sort of responce, in the end she settled for: "I beg your pardon?" "I mean if I say yes, I'm gon na annoy you because you clearly think I haven't. If I say no, your going to want me to keep eating even though I'm full." "Do not get smart with me young man." Mum snapped. "Oh suddenly we're discouraging intelligent conversation." James replied in what might eventually mature into a sarcastic tone. "Are you going to eat your food or not?" James slammed the table. He hadn't used to do this, it was a very violent confrontational act that at age 24 gave the impression you were abusive. At age 5 thankfully it was just a tantrum. And his tempers had been peaked. "I'm full. We've established this, if I've eaten the amount I'm comfortable with then let's just alter the food portions served, anything else I'm going to be sick, which I imagine I'll somehow be blamed for, or I teach my body to ignore the sense I'm full and bring on early childhood obesity, terrible sports performances, constant jogger bottoms and the ridicule of every stupid school bully from here to High School." Tears were starting to stream down James eyes. He hadn't meant to get this worked up, but he never did. He had so many thoughts and such a little him. His Mum hugged him for a little bit trying to think of a responce. Ever since last week things has become weird. He argued with children, he disrespected teachers, he was insistent about recycling and investing in Apple products. There weren't parenting books for quote this scenario. "You've gotten much smarter recently..... does it make you feel happier?" Mum asked very honestly. "Not really. I'm too young to be this smart aren't I?" Jack sobbed. He had so many new thoughts and feelings and first he thought it would make him much happier. Very soon though he realised his body wasn't quite ready, and it fall felt a little bit much. "Maybe. Do you want to watch Sonic and have a juice carton?" "Yes please." Soon recycling, Apple products, and Lecister FC merchandise. But first Sonic. Sonic was cool.