First Timer, please be kind! Steve was sitting on the couch playing the new Fallout game on his PS4 when the thumping first started. At first it was a mild irritant and he decided to just ignore it and be neighborly, especially since he hadn't even met the new tenant next door yet. An hour later the entire foundation of his duplex seemed to shake and items on shelves and inside cabinets could be heard crashing down and in some cases falling to the floor. With a slightly startled expression on his face Steve jumped to his feet pausing his game and ran to the wall to bang on it. "Dude! Settle the hell down over there, I know you just moved in but damnit you're going to break something!" Suitably justified in his actions and now fired up he stomped back over to his couch with an expression of exasperation and pride for having stood up for himself he went to take a seat and resume playing. This time the entire building seemed to shift and what seemingly sounded like an explosion could be heard through the wall though muffled. But that wasn't the worst of it. The television mount holding his 60-inch high definition plasma TV gave way, and Steve's second most prized possession outside his extensive Blu-Ray porn collection came crashing down and shattered sending plastic and glass housing all over him and his living room. Instantly outraged Steve turned toward the front door of his duplex, his face instantly red and the proverbial thunder clouds starting to form over his head. Slamming the door open and stalking outside to his neighbor's door he began kicking it and banging on it. "Open up you little shit! Whatever the hell you're doing in there you just knocked my damn TV off the wall! You're going to pay for that if I have to beat it out of you!" Mid pounding the door opened with a rush and all Steve could clearly see was a small man holding what looked like a ray gun. In an instant Steve had a moment of clarity, and his mouth opened in surprise and regret. Unfortunately in the same instant a blue ray shot out from the gun and enveloped him. It would be the last thing Steve would ever see as his body literally froze from the inside out. Stepping forward the small man pushed his glasses higher up the bridge of his nose and he placed his hand on the now frozen solid Steve and gave him a push. With an audible screech like glass on pavement Steve toppled over and shattered, much like his beloved television had moments before. With a sigh the little man went to step back into his duplex, his free hand already reaching into his pants pocket for his phone. "Oh dear, I fear I am going to have to move again aren't I?"