A sudden flash of light blinded me, as the cloth over my head was pulled away. As soon as my vision recovered, I was aware of a blaster barrel pointed directly at my forehead. "Any last words, heretic?" a deep voice rumbled from behind the blaster. The man in front of me was tall and heavily armored. Many gold and silver decorations adorned his protective suit, and angelic wings protruded from his back. They sent an Archangel after me? "Speak, scum!" a smaller voice from behind me called. I couldn't help but wonder to myself: how did I get here? "John Paul Gorski, please stand up." I rose from my seat, hands shaking. I could feel beads of sweat rushing down my back. "Gorski, my child, do you know the punishment for your sin?" I looked down to my feet. "Yes, father. The punishment is death." "You always were a bright one, Gorski. Much to my regret, the council has deemed you guilty. The execution will take place in exactly one hour." I gulped. This is it, huh? I turned to see a pair of armored paladins marching up to me, each carrying handcuffs and stun rods. The first paladin raised the stun rod, and the next readied the handcuffs. The paladin smacked me with the stun rod, and everything went dark. I awoke to thunder. I jumped out of the bed I was in and noticed the grey walls around me. A prison cell. Suddenly, more thunder erupted - but something was off. Didn't thunder follow lightning? It was then I realized I was, in fact, not hearing thunder. It was the sounds of battle. A yell broke through the crackling of blasters, and another sound of "thunder." I looked across the hall to the cell on the opposite side. In it was a girl who looked no older than 17, with short, red hair on top of her head. It was about shoulder-length, with bangs covering her forehead. She was clearly a rebel, as no woman of the Holy Empire would chop her hair like that. She was on her knees with what appeared to be a knife in her hands, chipping away at the photonic particle emitter that kept her trapped in her cell. She glanced up, and made eye contact with me. That's not good, I thought to myself, I don't want to be associated with a rebel. I'd really love to die with only one sin on my chest. "Hey, you!" She called to me, "Yeah, you with stupid look on your face!" "I don't have a stupid look on my face!" I suddenly shouted, straightening up. Suddenly, an explosion reminded me that there was some sort of battle going on, and I stumbled backwards. "You want out of here or what?" (Writing this in class, bell's about to ring. Will continue if there is interest!)