They'd never managed to prove it wasn't magic. In fact, some of the Great Mages theorised that it was actually magic but with an extremely odd asthetic. And so they let him apply at the Oxbrige University of Arcane Arts, where are all those hoping to become a Mage or OverlordOverlady went. So far, he'd passed four of five tests. The first had been calling down lightning. This had been pitifully easy, Jimmy had to do far more often than actual witches or wizards and so he rigged up his lightning rod and was the very first candidate to blast his target. The second had been the Fireball spell. He'd expected this one and included his cuff-clip flamethrower in his box of "occult channeling tools." It didn't make fireballs per se as opposed to a constant stream of fire but that wasn't included in grading. The third test had been summoning and binding an Outer Plane creature in such a manner that it could be safely used as a servant. After much arguing about the exact wording of the problem, the Professors decided that the mechanical monstrosity he had submitted qualified and let him pass on to the next test. However, they'd also taken him aside from the rest of the candidates, apparentely believing that his submissions were secretly being created or powered by one of his friends among the others. It didn't change anything. It submission looked nothing like a broomstick but it flew and that was points were being given out for. Finally, he was only one test away. He was going to show them all. Mad! They'd called him mad for trying to keep up with his wizarding friends despite never having received the rare Gift nature imparted to those destined to rule. They would have to admit that he was one of theirs and give him his rightful place. And then those who had made him suffer as a child would suffer and pay the price! These pleasant thoughts were interrupted by the announcement from the professors. The Chair went to the podium and cleared his throat before speaking. "Ahem. Congratulations to all of those who have survived and made it to thus far. I wish you all luck. Before I announce the contents of the final test, I would like to inform that a few rules have been added. First, candidates doing any of the following from now on shall be disqualified: cackling, laughing madly, raging from rooftops, monologuing while preparing, clear anti-social behaviour and anything which may cause the examinors to question the sanity of the candidate. Second, calling down lightning, excessive use of cogs and dramatically pulling levers or switches are forbidden. That is all. Now as to the problem itself "That's not fair!" someone called out from the crowd. Jimmy thought it was Paula but you weren't sure. "Yeah, it's discrimination against Jimmy for being a Scientist" said John from the back of the room. The Chair looked at Jimmy and sighed. "If you can't manage without those theatrics then I'm afraid we don't want you." He straightened his lab coat (glaringly out of place among all the black cloaks) and take off his green goggles. "Just one little cackle sir?"