Triple-checking my target's info, I parked my gray Sedan outside their apartment complex. Looking once again at the given photo, I marvel at her beauty. Approaching her door, I pocket the photo, raise a shaky hand, and give the door a good, firm three knocks. Switching the safety off my silenced Sig Sauer in my pocket, I listened for footsteps. There were none, which was strange considering she should be home. Waiting another good twenty seconds, I casually look around me. Seeing no one, I quickly got down on my right knee and shown a flashlight into the lock. My hands worked quickly, and I undid the lock in 12 seconds. A bit sloppy, but it works. Lifting the door toward the hinges to avoid too much squeaking, I walk inside and close the door behind me, gun drawn. Inside is a modest kitchen and living room, spotless except for a child in the living room, sleeping in a cradle. "Damn," I mutter. Kids always complicate things. Doing my best heel-toe quiet walk, I try to locate my hit. Walking down a short hallway, I come to an open door. Peeking in revealed a lump under blankets on a bed. Checking my photo one last time, I stop and examine her beauty once again. What's the use of angels without devils though, right? I creep to the bedside, seeing her face. I froze, her snore startling me. It wasn't only her monstrous snore, however, it was..... Well, her. The photo insulted how she really looked. I raised my gun to her temple, almost touching it. "Just like any other hit," I thought. But my finger refused to pull the trigger. As I took a deep breath, I looked at my future spouse and- "did I just pronoun you as my spouse?" I think. My shaky arm finally dropped as I walked toward the door. No one had to know. I could change my appearance, fake my own death, procrastinate calling in. But I couldn't kill this angel. Wandering back to the living room, I stared at the baby. I couldn't rob this being of such a beautiful lineage. He looked well-fed, with a small scratch on his right cheek. It's time to try something different. Gun holstered, I start toward the front door. Closing it, I book it back to my Sedan. Sitting inside, I tried to clear my head. 200,000 on the line. Easy kill. Why couldn't I do it? My brain formed too many tangents, reasons why I shouldn't kill her. A final idea punctured my resolve, a grin melting into place under my nose. This wasn't routine, but neither were these emotions. Driving my car up, I parked outside the very apartment door, thanking my incredible muffler and the fact that nobody was out at 11:00 PM. Re-entering the apartment, I prepare myself. Scuttling into Heaven's room (her new nickname), I rolled her onto the floor. A small squeak, limbs flailing, her eyes shot open. Hand over her mouth, I hoisted her up with my right hand. Forcefully slamming her onto the bed, I grabbed her throat and merely took the gentle beating she was trying to give me. After a long delay, she stopped struggling. Releasing my hands, I congratulated myself on a quick non-lethal takedown. Looking at her now, my brain dissolved into dirty fantasies. "Those are for later," I reasoned with myself as I delicately put her on my shoulder, sneaking back through her front door. A back seat, duct tape, and five minutes later, she was safely secured in the trunk. I stuck a handwritten note on the door: "CHILD IN NEED OF CARE. DOOR UNLOCKED." and left the scene. Three hours later, she was in my abode. Well, is my basement part of my abode? It didn't matter. She was here, on a chair, as I awaited her awakening. Damn, she does not take suffocation well. As her chest spasms a bit and her eyes flash open, I remind myself that whatever the Agency does to me will be well worth it once I have shown this delicacy how much I love her.