The smell of burned hair acummulated in Gordon's nose. "We will outsource the production to Kapteyn b for security reasons, they said. Profit-maximizing security reasons would be the right term. Well, I guess I can be happy that I didn't land in a river like the last time. Anyway Sarah always complains about my chest hair." Nuremberg sure didn't look like in the year 4.200. It was the first time that the company sent someone more than 800 years in the future. Gordon had only two days before they would pull him back to the present. He had to find out the reason for humaninty's downfall that will occur 1.000 years from his timeframe. Gordon didn't understand why women went back to wearing umbrellas as dresses and holding another one for what seemed like protection against the sun. Those were things he last heard about from his history teacher in elementary school. The smell of his own burned hair transitioned into the smell of shit as he arrived at a small sideway with a big house at the end of it. He couldn't believe that the houses were made of stones and wood. Wood was extinct since more than five centuries. He approached the first woman who crossed his way. "Excuse me, I have an appointment with the leader. I just feel embarassed meeting someone of high importance without knowing his date of birth." The white umbrella wearing women looked at him in disgust and kept a safe distance. "Do you mean our majesty? He was born in 1535." She said and bumped into him as she left without giving Gordon a chance to ask more questions. "1535" He repeated and looked around. Gordon shrugged and turned around the emergency-ring on his finger. Gordong looked at his hand and realized that it was gone. He turned around to follow the umbrella-woman, but it was too late. She disappeared in the wormhole and was now standing in the company's hq. He walked down the sidewalk, which turned out to be the mainstreet. He wasn't too worried. He only had to stay alive. HQ had to send someone to bring him back. It was too dangerous to leave someone that far in the past for a longer period of time. All he was carrying was a lighter, a pen and a notebook. Gordon headed to the big building, that he thought was an apartment complex. He just had to rent a room until hq would pick him up. Two guards denied him to enter by crossing their halberd. "Do you have an audience?" The taller one asked him. Gordon took another look at the building and smiled. It was the first and the last chance in his life to see an ancient castle. "Umm..... yeah, I am Arthur the scout and came to warn your- umm, our majesty. Troops are approaching." It was rather cold and dark inside. After passing long hallways and staircases he was let in a huge room where one fat guy was sitting on a big golden chair. "Hans! You fool didn't light my pipe again!" The king shouted. Gordon took his lighter and helped out the king, who froze for what felt like a lifetime. "How did you do that?" The king asked. "What?" "I don't have time for fools. How did you make the fire?" "Oh, oh..... umm.... It's the reason I came here. I wanted to show you one of my great inventions. I named it'firetrinket'. With this great thing you don't need stones anymore. It's reliable and fast." Gordon demonstrated him how it worked. "Why did you tell the guards that troops are approaching. We don't like liers here." "I was just afraid that they will think I am a witch and burn me alive." "Where are you from Mr..." "My name is Gordon Freeman. I heard a lot about how smart you are. My inventions are easy to be mistaken with magic so I came all this way to show it just to you. Only a person like you is able to understand my work." Days passed and Gordon had to accept that hq gave up on him. At least he was hired by the king. Not as an inventor, but as part of the army. He was given a room with a big balcony under the condition that he had to change his name from Gordon to Merlin. The story took a different turn and became much longer than I thought. Unfortunately I have to leave now. If someone wants me to continue I will write on later.