I set down the 2010 copy of Sports Illustrated I'd been reading and stood up. I didn't know what I would say, but then again I never knew what I was going to say. I had this theory that it wasn't something you could plan. That's why guys struck out so often. They were too rehearsed. Women don't like rehearsed. She was wearing skinny jeans and heels, your typical fashion-forward suburban mom. I continued toward her, and as I passed the little aquarium I glanced down at the four year-old tapping on the glass. "The fish don't like that, you know," I said with a smile. Not too harshly, but not too friendly either. He looked up at me curiously and then went back to staring at the little world in front of him. When I looked up, she was looking back at me. Only for a second, though. Then she stuck her nose back in the book she was reading. I strode over anyway and sat down beside her. There were lots of empty seats in the waiting room, and choosing the one directly on her left was my not-so-subtle way of getting her attention. I leaned forward and looked at the cover of her book. "Bossypants, huh? You a Tina Fey fan?" "I guess," she said without looking up. I sat back in my chair. "So, is he yours?" I gestured toward the four year-old in front of the aquarium. She looked up at him briefly. "Yes." Back to her book. I picked up the 2008 copy of People from the end table on my left. "I remember when my daughter was that age. She was still sucking her thumb and dragging her blanky around everywhere. It seems yours is a little more grown-up than that." I flipped open the magazine and began to pretend-read. It was her turn. She didn't say anything for a few minutes, and neither did I. She was clearly growing uncomfortable with the silence. I knew if I waited another minute or two, she'd cave. But I didn't have to wait that long. "How old's your daughter now?" She looked up at me this time. "Ten. She's back with the doctor now." "Ten? Really?" She looked me up and down. Then she realized what she was doing and buried her nose in her book yet again. "It's just, you don't look old enough to have a ten-year-old." I smiled. "You don't look old enough to have a, what is he? Four years old?" "Almost five." She looked at her son sitting in front the aquarium. Then she smiled at me. "It doesn't feel like it's been anywhere near that long, though." She closed her book and set it down in her lap. When she did, I noticed her chest for the first time. Her breasts were peeking out of her V-neck, crying to be touched. As if she'd heard my last thought, she leaned forward and rested her head in her hands, putting herself on full display. I tried not to be obvious about looking, but I couldn't stop myself. She glanced up at me and noticed what I was looking at. But instead of covering herself, she looked me right in the eye and moved her left arm, the only thing obstructing my view of her chest. Just then, a nurse came out. She sat up quickly. "Cameron?" She stood up as her son walked toward her. The nurse met him on his way over and took his hand. She looked up at us. "I've got it from here, Jeana," the nurse said. "Okay." Jeana sat back down and hesitantly looked over at me. That was all the confirmation I needed. We were the only two in the waiting room now, but I decided to whisper anyway. "Look," I said in a breathy voice. "I know we're thinking the same thing." She was breathing heavily. I placed my hand on her knee as I leaned in even closer, my mouth mere centimeters from her ear. "I'm going to the bathroom. I'll leave the door unlocked." As I pulled my hand from her knee and stood up, I discretely brushed her left breast. I took a step toward the bathroom. "Wait," she said. "I'm not..." Her breathing was quick and shallow. "I haven't..... I've never..." She closed her eyes for a second, attempting to regain her composure. "I don't even know your name..." I smiled. "It's Nora," I said. I bent over to pick up my purse, my own low-cut dress leaving little to the imagination as I did. I saw her eyes follow my own chest as I stood back up. As I waited in the bathroom, I fluffed my hair in the mirror, giving my breasts a final adjustment. A few seconds later someone pushed open the door behind me. I smiled proudly in the mirror as I watched Jeana's reflection close and lock the bathroom door.