The world is finally quiet, you can sleep with windows wide open and not be disturbed, at least we gained something, since what is now referred to as "The Plague," occurred; overly dramatic and vague, but if you can find anyone to talk about it, that is what they will call it, if you can anyone to talk to at all. In the early days, you could hear people scream the sentence at the top of their lungs and if someone was listening they died and the screamer became immune. I was a pariah in the early days, it was my fault after all, over a hundred thousand people dropped dead that night by my voice; heart attacks, brain embolism, suicide, whatever it took to die, occurred. I saw five thousand people scream and fall over themselves that night, people thought it was chemical weapon detonated at the rally, but that didn't explain all the deaths of those watching at home, televisions usually tuned to whatever news channel to watch me speak, of course by the time the bodies were first found, all they spouted was what and who actually caused this and I became the most prolific serial killer in human history. Not everyone believed it at first and just had to test it out, they would kill their neighbors, their parents, their children. And as soon people realized it was true, all hell broke loose. Hospitals, churches, airports shut down completely. All over the world, people would record the message themselves and drive through cities; guaranteeing a safe place to call their own. The worlds borders were not protected by fences, but by speakers. To most, those were the worst months, when we lost our families and our friends. We lived in fear of a new sentence, books were burned so another couldn't be discovered, television and radio long since abandoned, only a few frequencies still still exist, the insane play recordings and spew nonsense trying to find a new sentence. A semblance of order returned, people always band together and along came a new understanding, to which we all agree; We are all murderers. The sentence doesn't work anymore, everyone's already said it, used it, but in my little city, saying it is punishable by death, sounds beside the softest whispers are punishable by death, a screaming baby could hide those in search of a new sentence and is punishable by death. The world, my world is much quieter and I can finally sleep with my windows open not be disturbed, at least I have that.