What can I say. Sometimes you don't get to be the big damn heroes. It wasn't for lack of trying, certainly. Sometimes when the right idea comes, the time for it has passed. Those space hippies thought that we were tough enough, rough enough to go toe to toe with the dreaded Tret'knos! Ya see the sphips thought that we were kroor enough to face the Tretky's and turn around their losses. They thought we were some kind of monsters; brutal backwater apes from the blue planet! Bevakoophon. To be fair though, we didn't have the best record. They'd been observin' us for a while apparently and the Great Euro Conflict scared'em off for a couple centuries. And I admit, we're good at killing when we have to be. We certainly were back then. And we were smart. Are smart. But the thing is, tumblin' in space is a lot different to tumblin' on the floor. We got a grip of flashin' and fleet orbits pretty quickly and we had trained naavikon ready in less than a 3 spins of a our beloved prthvee. We did our best at applyin' and developing the tacts and strats we knew to space warfare, but it was too much to grapple in too short a time. The sphips weren't much help, otherwise they wouldn't have been asking for us in the first place. And what hope had we against an empire that was geared for this kind of thing and had been for centuries? The old Tretk's were fearsome for sure, and that deserves to be known and respected.By the time the sphippies pulled us into the sky they'd lost too much and left it too late. We tried to engage them dirt-side after we realised that they had the advantage in the dark. We'd harrass in orbit and squash any ground forces that would land. We thought that if we could stall the expansion we'd be able to lock down their fleets and fight them on our terms, which meant raidin' and destroyin' supply routes. Not a bad plan, but they'd encountered that before. They just glassed us from orbit. The materials they needed could be extracted well enough without peeps on the ground. We lost, plain and simple. We took a gamble to get us out into the big world and we lost. Bholee bachchon. The sphipps became subs to the tretky's, and we, for our actions had dear old dharatee maata mined into an asteroid belt. Now we were just brutal backwater apes. Not really though. Ya see the Sphipps thought our identity was tied up in all that violence they observed us doing. We used our sharp intelligence as a tool for destruction often and well for sure. But we used it for other things too. What does a guy looking through a telescope at ants cutting up a leaf know what they do other than cut? We may have lost the war, but it wasn't entirely grimdark and gloomy. The tretky's fell to squabblin' in time, no empire can ever last. And the desperation of the sphippies gave us the tech to finally get out of that system that we'd been stuck in for so long. Ever since we'd looked up at those stars we've wanted to walk amongst them; to stride through the flickering lights, swim amongst the dust clouds, dance across the nebulas. We do that now, in a less poetic but by no means less wonderful way. Now, we're the vagrants of the stars; fleets of nomads herding our comets and dust. We trade, we party, we fight. But most of all, we live. We're not just apes tumblin' in the dirt; we're apes that make music, tell stories, build and destroy, love and hate and do all the mundane things inbetween. We're colourful creatures. That's why all the peeps at a sabha wait for us to turn up- because the party don't start'til we come in. But that is enough for now my little bachcha, it is time for bed. I hear that the orbit sunrise here is particularly sundar.