"It keeps malfunctioning," Nolan said miserably, as he paused with his fingers over the reset button. "I don't know why." His supervisor, Leanne, frowned at the simulation. Expertly designed to mimic the conditions of their world, malfunction was uncommon. And bad for business: countless people relied on the scenarios that played itself out on Earth2.0 to'predict' the future. If word of this got out, some fanatic crackpot would interpret it to mean the end of the world. "What happened?" she demanded, wincing as she saw the state of Earth2.0. The Earth was practically inhabitable in the noxious aftermath of a few nuclear explosions. Nolan had zoomed in to follow the actions of several political leaders: most of them seemed to be ranting in desolate wastelands, in front of crowds that screamed senselessly in response. "This is my sixth attempt of this level, and resetting the global memory takes forever," Nolan said. "So far I've had it ending in an asteroid striking the Earth, alien invasions..... and this last time a popular sports team won a world series, and I thought things were going rather well, but then Leanne sighed and leaned over to press the reset button herself. The script ran across the screen: Level 2016 failed; restarting level. As one, the tiny figures on the screen slumped to the ground and began fading out. "We'll try it one more time before we call in help," she said, patting Nolan's shoulder. "Take a break, you look beat." Nolan rubbed his eyes and looked over at Timmy, the new recruit. An odd guy - he creeped Nolan out, just a little. Always smiling, always trying to be friends and roaring with laughter at his own jokes. "Could you put on some coffee?" he asked wearily. "I'm going out for a smoke." Timmy smiled broadly and flashed a thumbs up. "Hey, no problemo!" Timmy swiveled on his chair and watched Nolan leave, still smiling. The guy was so serious all the time, freaking out whenever the slightest thing went wrong. He really needed some laughter in his life. Timmy edged closer to the simulation, and started tinkering with the code. This time, 2016 would go smoothly. Let Nolan and Leanne think it was over. But 2017..... 2017 would be his best yet. He snickered as he adjusted the outcomes for the political test-run in 2016, but set it so that the losing candidates in several countries would wage war in a backlash of violent protests in 2017. Add a supervolcano exploding at the climax..... there, perfect. Nolan would probably bust a rib laughing once he realised there had never been anything wrong with his simulation. Everyone loved his practical jokes. Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on rInkfinger.