This is the first piece of writing I've ever submitted that isn't a dramatic monologue, some constructive criticism would be much appreciated as I have no idea what I'm doing "Just shut the fuck up for a second will you? It pains me to say this just as much as it pains you to hear it so could you do us both a massive favour and not utter a single syllable for the next two minutes or so?" I pause, taking in his gaze. I'm on the receiving end of the look. The one he always gives me when I outsmart him, which I get far more often then he'd like to think. I close my eyes in thought, disguising it as an elongated blink. "Are you o "What did I just tell you?" I snap "My sincere apologies" he replies, scraping back his stupidly gorgeous ginger hair. My thoughts fumble around struggling to find the words which will tell the man who I could only describe as my mortal enemy that I..... Ok, mortal enemy is a little strong, but it does take a worrying amount of effort to contain the desire to hit him around the face with a copy of War and Peace. Ok, I've been silent for far too long now, he's starting to smile. The bastard. Oh just spit it out. "Right-O, I'm more angry with myself about this for being a pathetic little shit but you listen up. I love you. I know this is a terribly unfortunate turn of events given that the only reason we have to share oxygen is the fact that we're both in the brass section of the orchestra, and in all honesty I often can't stand the sight of you. However, this is often outweighed by the longing to hear your stupid nasal voice." "Jess he struggles "SHUT UP. Right, I think this would be better if I do this clinically so I'm just going to list the reasons why I love you and then I'm going to walk away" He laughs and I scowl "So..... I love how delightfully skilled you are in the art of taking the piss out of me, I love how you're the only serious competition to yours truly when it comes to the French Horn. I love that idiotic smile, with your annoyingly thin lips and teeth just crooked enough to notice but not crooked enough for it to be a running joke which therefore makes it impossible to take the piss out of without sounding like a complete bitch" "Is that all?" he says, carefully "No. I love how I always get a sore neck after talking to you due to your, quite frankly ridiculous height and finally I love the fact that you actually might be smarter than me. Not that I'd ever admit it if you were. Anyway that's the list, I must now commence with the second tas He interrupts me with a kiss, it's so wonderful that I momentarily forget to slap him for interrupting my speech his long arms gently support my waist while mine hang stupidly by my side. I can feel a smile under his warm lips. I lose myself in the scent of his overpriced aftershave.