Satan seemed excised to announce the employee of the month. Of course, Mr. Hitler had been amazing, but Stalin has been just as good at tormenting as the former. He had once made a dog killer's punishment to be eaten alive by dogs and then regenerate, thus causing the cycle to repeat for infinity. Another punishment was for one of Hitler's guards who had been in hiding, but he had not really done that much other then order a single gassing, which made Hitler want him to suffer for being so slothful. So, Stalin suggested that he would be pumped full of food while watching footage of gassings. Of course Hitler loved the idea, and it was put into action. Of course, if he thought of all of the eternal punishments, he would miss the meeting. He opened the door, only to see the worst men and woman to ever grace the earth, which was fine for Satan. He walked up to the podium. "Hello employees. As you may know, I am here to announce who gets the title of employee of the month. You all know him as the guy who managed to brain wash a bunch of people and rule Russia with a iron fist, Mr. Stalin!" Stalin walked up to the podium. Satan handed over the award to the mustached man. "Thank you ever so much Satan! I would like to give a shout out to my best friend Hitler, who I have forgiven for trying to invade Mother Country Russia!" Hitler seemed excited. "Your the man!" he shouted. "I would also love the give a thank you to Vlad the Impaler, who deserved last month's award, and who is a great friend as well!" Vlad seemed pretty happy to be mentioned as well, as he shouted; "YOUR THE MAN!!" Stalin then continued. "Last but not least, Vlad's amazing fiance, who is a very good tormentor, Elizabeth the blood countess!" Of course she was sitting right next to Vlad, holding his hand because they were soulmates. They both LOVED killing their subjects, and they both enjoyed seeing those lesser then them suffer. "Thank you so much Stalin! Besides, Vlad is much more loving then my previous husband, who I was engaged to at ELEVEN!! I could go on with how we met, but I'd rather not." Stalin and the rest of his coworkers knew that we would be married on next Wednesday, and that everybody was invited. Of course Vlad and Elizabeth would both keep eachother's last names, but it did not mean that they loved each other. Satan then broke his sudden train of thought. Satan took the podium again, as Satan went to sit next to Hitler, whose wife was sitting next to him, happy for Stalin's achievement.