Raj stopped what he was doing and looked at the set of processor chips moving down the conveyor belt. "Um. Aren't they supposed to be green?" he asked, gesturing towards the chips, which were baby blue. "Wait what? They've been like that for the past hour." Grant croaked. "I thought they were supposed to be like that." "I could have sworn they were green this morning." "They're supposed to be green." John piped up. "Well sort of a turquoise I think which could be considered blue but definitely not baby blue." "Well shit." Raj, put his arms on his hips. "How the hell did that happen?" For a moment nobody said anything and everyone looked at everyone else. John pointed to the monitor beside the conveyor belt. It was a blank screen displaying the same blue colour as the computer chips. Nobody moved. John walked up to the screen and pressed it. It turned turquoise. The attention of the room moved back to the conveyor belt which now carried upon it a set of turquoise processors. "Oh my bad." Grant murmured. "Aren't we supposed to report this or something?" Raj asked. "Yeah that was in the manual." John sighed and pulled a thin number pad out of his pocket and began typing a code into it. "What is the problem." A robotic voice blaired over an overhead loudspeaker. "Uh..... we sorta turned the things blue for a bit..." John said to the voice. "You were instructed not to change the colour until told." "Yeah, we kinda forgot that. First day." "It was determined that it would not be possible for you to forget such simple instructions." The room was silent for a moment. "Well uh..." Grant began. "You determined wrong." This time the voice paused. Clearly expecting a different answer. "This facility has been operating for 789,000 days. This has never happened." Grant snorted. "Sorry," he said in a slightly sassy tone. Again the voice paused. "Go home." "Aren't we supposed to work until five?" Raj asked, "it's only 3:15." "Yes, go home. Enslaving humanity was clearly a mistake."