I had just settled into my couch for a relaxing night channel surfing and reconnecting with some old high school friends over FacelessBook. Just as I started flipping through channels on the ancient TV, I heard the front door squeak open. I quickly killed the TV and tossed the remote aside. "Did you hear that?" "Hear what?" "Over there. Something just got knocked over." Oh great, I thought to myself, this kid again. As much as I hated the slimeball, he could really tell a story. Of course, not without his own little twists, but who doesn't? I decided to not waste the energy walking. I figured I had made enough noise to lure them to where I was. Sure enough, the footsteps creaked closer. These kids are lucky I'm not a poltergeist, I mused, sitting up to watch them creep into the room, they would've been dead before they reached puberty. The tall one, the one that came here all to often, came and sat on the couch next to me. I saw the goosebumps crawl across his arm as he began to shiver. "You up for show today old man?" He pulled out a pack of D batteries from his trenchcoat, and set them down on the couch, right in my thigh. I hated him, sure, but his energy is just as good as yours. "Wish I could bring you something easier to draw from, but building a river is just a bit too much coin." Fine by me, I always hated the way running water made me feel. He obviously couldn't hear me, but as I dropped the temperature in the room he understood. I took the time to look over who all he had brought this time. Skater chick, jock, drug dealer, the usual kind of crowd. "Before the spirit can manifest, we must summon him." The trenchcoat kid quickly stuffed the batteries under the cushions. "Everyone stand in a circle." I took the opportunity to slip out of the room, but not before draining out a battery or two. It's more like sipping a hot cup of coffee than crushing three Red Bulls. As the long, complicated'summoning' process continued on, I found a nice chair in the kitchen. "Videtur!" His summoning always ended with some loud cry. That was my queue. I dragged the chair across the wooden floor and toppled it sideways. The usual "What was that?" "Over there? "I need new pants!" ensued, as I circled around to where the batteries were stashed. The trenchcoat kid was waiting near the couch. "That's a new one," he stammered out, pulling his coat closer to his body, "I'll just go ahead and start the story." This kid could go on for hours. My mysteruious past, my grizzly death, and, my favorite part, my most famous spooks. I never knew I threw an elderly woman down the stairs, or that I could even talk to the living! Apparently I'm quite the linguist. The jock is already pissing his pants by the time I throw the dead body down the stairs. In a flash, everyone is out the door. Gets'em every time