Al had walked in first. He knew his friend, Tritius, was following him. Al sat down, in front of the bartender. "What would you like?" The bartender's words were dull and rehearsed. There had been a lot of gloomy people stopping by; he was tired of their stories. But, something other than a depressed middle aged man had sparked interest within him. "I'll have a H2O" Al said. The bartender tried to hold his giggle, he could see their lab coats. "H2O, too." Tritius sound bored, annoyed, even. The bartender had always prepared for this moment. He took out a bottle of hydrogen peroxide and water. He poured both into separate glasses and gave them to his customers. "Your, uh, H2O2, sir." The bartender bit his lip as he snickered. Everything seemed to have stopped. Tritius had looked at the glass. With disgust, he glared at the bartender. The bartender grew increasingly confused- he expected laughter. Tritius, standing to the left behind Al, took his hands out of his pocket to reveal a green, glowing ball. The bartender's eyes widened. What is this? he thought. The ball lighted up the dark room only lit by a single lonesome light as Tritius put it on the table. Al facepalmed, this is not how he wanted things to go. Tritius took Al's water and held it in his hand. "Look, man," the bartender began, "this is a joke! You saw the bottle of hydrogen peroxide! You know I'm not trying to kill you!" Tritius continued staring. "Look, we aren't some fools. Just hand us over some cash, credit works too. Al! Where are you going!" Al had wandered towards the door as Tritius spoke. Tritius quickly brought Al back. "Geez, this was a bad idea in the first place. It's not going to work!" Al whined. It was too late for Al to stop the plan. The bartender was too afraid of the glowing ball. It's presence felt dreadful. He had taken all the money out of the cash register. "Nope! We want ALL of the cash. This is a ball of sodium, locked within an argon chamber that is held together by this mix of tritium and phosphorous. If you don't give as all of the cash, I will smash the ball, exposing the sodium, and then put it in the water, causing a deadly explosion." Tritius snarled. "Okay, okay!" the bartender cried, as he handed Tritius the cash. Al felt better from the success. He grabbed the drink in front of him, he would save it for later. Once Tritius had the money, Al stood up beside to him. Al tipped his hat, meaning to say goodbye. Tritius, however, was having a bad day. "This place is a bust. I'd rather let the Higgs field experience false vacuum decay than be here." Tritius smashed the dreadful ball on the counter top, put it in the water, and threw it into the corner farthest from the exit. The mixture had began to smoke, Tritius and Al already out the door. The bartender had thought that smoke was okay, until the mixture exploded and he got a bit of molten sodium in his left eye. Already driving off, Tritius and Al heard sirens wailing past them. "See, the plan worked out fine." Tritius said angrily. "You're right. Here, I saved a drink," Al handed Tritius the glass he had taken. Tritius, driving, took a sip. He imeaditly stopped the car and vomited on the steering wheel. "THAT WAS THE HYDROGEN PEROXIDE, YOU IDOIT" Authors note: This is my first time participating in a writing prompt, I hope you enjoyed it:)