This is late and also not exactly what you wanted. Your prompt happened to remind me of something I had thought about ages ago. The mystics observed the future of this conquest during the warp trip. Multiple light units spent weaving the spell with many more reading the fates and seeing their doom. Such is the way of our crusade. Countless planets have been dominated, countless slaves put under our command, and countless minerals stripped from their crust. Each world fought, but each was crushed as we knew how they would fight. The mystics watched the weave of fate and picked out the strand that gave us the best victory. This was meant to be another one of our empire. Another one to be crushed and stripped. Another to be enslaved and worked. For the first time in our history, perhaps since even the first time in creation, the mystics were wrong. There was supposed to be a single human. One that would lead their armies against us, Inspire them, Rally them, But ultimately, trap them. The hero was one of the twenty-five warriors who fought against us in the initial bout. We were supposed to kill the rest, capture him, implant him, and control him. He would be our puppet, leading the others to their destruction. But when the time came for us to strike, there were twenty-six warriors against us. Our army faltered. The hero we were meant to take was instead killed in our confusion. We ended up with the twenty sixth warrior: The one who the mystics did not see. We brought him to our ship and the mystics shrieked in terror. His past, his future, even his very existence, was hidden from them. In a panic, they turned their focus to the planets surface and found that there were millions like him. Millions we were blind to. They realized that the force hiding them was ancient and purposeful. This was not simply a random act of fate, nor was it an evolution of this species. Someone on this planet had once been able to touch the aether like can now. They weaved a powerful blessing and placed it on his spawn, making them hidden from other prying eyes. We had to flee. A direct conflict with this species, although would end in victory, would leave us with too many casualties. The human we took was fired back to the planet. We lied to him and claimed that this was a show of our species power and that they are never to leave this system. Hopefully the others believe it. Our empire could collapse if another species were to find out what these humans are capable of.