Before turning into the Chateau Animal de Compagnie, the dog looked over his shoulder. Though technically neutral territory, smoky lounge wasn't a place he'd normally go to, but these were desperate times. He took a moment to let his nose adjust to the smells: cheap tobacco, strong liquor, a thousand stale flea baths still clinging to the fur of their owners. Ducking in, he avoided eye contact with the waitstaff, the patrons, everyone. He scanned the dimly lit rooms, ignoring the howls of the dogs clamoring around the gambling tables, the fortunes being made and lost on a single throw of the dice, flip of the card. Cats in cheap clothes lay slumped on couches, surrounded by expensive catnip. One or two, he thought, seemed to stir as he went past. The golden-furred canine tried to tell himself it was nothing, probably just a reflex. Nonetheless he couldn't quite shake the feeling of their wide eyes tracking him across the room. After a little searching, he found her, set up in one of the booths in the rear corner. The broad-brimmed hat and dark coat hid her well enough, but the retriever was determined, and the meeting had been arranged far in advance. He knew what he was looking for. The white cat didn't stir as he slid carefully into the seat opposite her. "You're a difficult cat to get in touch with Muffin." He began. "I'm glad that you accepted my invitation, General Barks." Instinctively, Karl looked up, scanning the room. A paw touched his, "Relax," Muffin said quietly, "No one here is paying attention. And it will keep that way so long as you don't look suspicious." He nodded, taking a moment to control himself. "Of course, of course you're right." Adjusting his position in the seat, he let his shoulders drop a fraction of an inch. "You wanted me to be here, Councillor. So, what did you want to talk about." A smile touched her lips, "About the war general, what else?" "What about the war?" Barks asked, trying to keep his voice neutral. "Cut the crap. You're on record as a peace advocate. The only peace advocate on the General Staff." "That is..... accurate." He admitted, after a moment, "But I don't see what "I'd like to work with you." There was a longer pause, Karl took off his sunglasses to get a better view of his companion. "Why?" "You think you're the only peace advocate?" She snorted derisively. "I'd like to try diplomacy before we launch the next offensive. And I'm not alone on that." "Funny, I can't recall hearing anything about Muffin Fluffbottom being against the war." "We all wear masks general. My public comments have to be more..... constrained. The Council won't allow any advocates for peace without something conciliatory from the dogs." Barks stared hard at the cat opposite him. Everything about his training told him that she was trying to manipulate him. Cats were like that; liars, thieves, crooks. And this was a member of the Council, this was a high-priority target, someone who might tell him something that could push the war ahead by years if he captured her! But then..... The green eyes staring back at him weren't calculating. They weren't hateful. They were none of the things he had seen in cats in the thousand battles he had fought before. They were sad, and scared. Against all his rationality, Karl wanted to trust her. Maybe there was a way they could end this war. As he considered everything, he was oblivious to Muffin reaching out until her paw was once more resting on his. "Please." She whispered. The general looked down, then, a moment later, back up. "This won't be easy." He said at last. "I never suspected otherwise." "It might cost you everything." "I've already committed treason meeting with you." "You can back out now. No one has to know anything. It would be my word against yours." "I could." She said, making no move to leave. Barks nodded. "We need to plan our next move then."