I could pinpoint the one moment the sky came crashing down on me. Things had been going so well, work at the office had been steady and fun as normal, Jimmy had finally picked his grades up, and things with Jane seemed to be going as good as ever. I managed to head out of work a bit early and pick up a pizza for the family. I walked in the front door, pizza in hand, and was greeted by no one. I set down the pizza, and strolled over to the counter to see a note and a stack of papers. Divorce Papers. And that was the moment things came crashing down around me. My eyes dance over Jane's note, picking up details where they can. She'd found someone else. She'd taken Jimmy with her. Me and my shattered heart stumble our way to the couch until I manage to collapse into its soft embrace. I can't think, can't feel. I close my eyes, a stream of expletives work their way out of my lips, finally ending with "I'll never love anyone again." After lying there a moment or two, my eyes open again, finding their way to a woman in a flowing white dress sitting across from me. I'm too numb to be startled. "Who are you and what are you doing in my house." She gives me a sympathetic look. "You know me as Aphrodite. I'm here to help." Her voice seems to fill the room. I sigh, cupping my face in my hands. "I don't believe that for a moment. And even if I did, I don't want your help." A slight smile graced her face. "Not yet, but you will. When the time is right, you'll see me again." My hands fell away, and just as she'd appeared, she vanished. Many months pass. Divorce terms settle, custody battles wage, finances disentangle. My heart slowly pieces its way back together. A Friday night. Work done early, and I go out for once, just to get out of the house. I end up at a local place, the same pizza place I ordered from so many months ago. I'm standing, waiting on my order, and in strolls a woman. Something about her face is familiar, could it be her? Of course not, I had obviously been dreaming, but something about her is captivating. She places her order and takes a seat a few tables down. Working up a bit of courage, I approach. "Is this seat taken?" She looks up on me with brilliant green eyes. "Of course not," she says with a dazzling smile. I strike up a conversation. We chat, and something about her and the way she talks and acts resonates with me. I feel whole again. "Excuse me, your order is ready." Oh that's right, I came here for pizza. I stand up to get it, but the woman catches my hand before I can walk away, and she slips me a smile and a napkin with something scribbled across it. "Well, it's been great getting to know you. Be sure to give me a call sometime." I smile back. "You too. But before I leave, I don't think I caught your name." "Venus." My smile widens. "Of course. I'll be sure to call soon." Thank you guys so much for reading, I hope you enjoyed my story. If you have any advice feel free to give it.