Hey guys, there's a real superhero in your computer called Snoo! Many might not know about him cause he always hides in the DeepWeb; but, when he's not fighting he's always looking out for the evil Dr.b. Snoo is the protector of all reddit users and the website where he resides. Snoo has been fighting Dr.b since the beginning of the internet. He has fought him and his evil Malwares and Trolls in the Battle of the Trojans, a infamous "bug" that cause many early computers to crash or burn for unknown reasons. It was until 10 years ago, the battle was finished, Snoo defeated his nemesis, and took over Dr.b's land called Reddit. Reddit was once considered a danger zone for may lurkers in the DeepWeb, now its a peaceful nation; until now, Dr.b has resurrect from the grave and made things worse for the land of Reddit. It's the present day, Reddit has celebrate their 10 peaceful years as a nation with Snoo. One of Snoo's messengers, Digg got a message that Dr.b has escaped his forbidden grave. In the real world, many of the mods and users heard a deadly "virus" has been released to the internet, a deadly one that has crashed many websites. Now it's up to Snoo to defeat the Dr.b for good. Dr.b has destroyed the Valley of Mobility with a text message, that can wipe away a whole village in one code. Next, is his given land that betrayed him, Reddit. "Snoo will be dead forever!!" Dr.b shouted as everything around him rumbled like a earthquake. "Oh no he's here!" Digg said as he and Snoo felt the trembling in the ground. "Warn everyone and evacuate!" Snoo cried as this is the last and powerful battle with his nemesis. In the Internet world, many humans online got messages that Reddit will be closed for "inconvenience" the following weeks. In the DeepWeb, Dr.b and Snoo fought in the village of Subreddit. Many destruction and rubble filled through the whole village. Dr.b then had the idea to use the power he learned, the one that destroyed the Valley of Mobility. "Goodbye Reddit, my land that betrayed me and good night Snoo" Dr.b laughed has his whole body was filling with electric ooze that escaped through his body and a dark fog of codes began raining down on Snoo. "No, not this day." said Snoo as his antenna on top of his head was releasing a fire-like substance that began to burn through Dr.b's face of webs. "Nooooooooo......" Dr.b screamed as he was trying to get rid of the of the substance, all of the sudden, a flash of light began casting out the fog and Dr.b himself. Snoo who was surprised of what he saw! Joel, a human developer for the actual Reddit, was the one who released the cloud of light. "Finally there will be peace for this website and Snoo will have the final peace. "said Joel as he turned off the computer.