I never understood the general distaste for Mondays. Sure they tended to herald a distinct lack of sleep, but that was almost a godsend. When exhausted one often winds up with a singular focus for the task at hand, being entirely incapable of mental multitasking. In any event, it was Monday again, the first one that truly registered as such after the months of educational hiatus during the summer. Even I had to admit that things looked pretty bleak. It wasn't due to my own exhaustion, my want for sleep was actually distracting me from the problems at hand, it was the changes to school policy that brought on the feelings of dread as I took the familiar path towards the school's main doors. That was when I noticed the first change. There was a sign above the door that read " C entrance, groups U and H proceed to left and right entrances respectively ." I sighed. This was going to be a long year. As I began my trek towards the left side of the building, winding my way around the C students using the front entrance, I reflected that I had known that things would be different. I had known since the new Thirty First Amendment that things would be different, but it was only that day as I stepped through the left entrance for orientation that it truly struck me. As I stepped inside cardboard signs with arrows directed me to the room in which we would receive what could only be described as a half hearted pep-talk for the upcoming semester. I found myself in a dusty abandoned classroom with about a dozen odd students. One of my other fears was just confirmed. The only other people in group U were either idiots of political dissidents. I was neither. Why had my parents not just lied to put me in group C? This could ruin my entire future too, it was hard to imagine high profile jobs hiring a U class student. The really aggravating thing about it was that it would have been relatively easy to hide. It would be harder to lie about being in group H, but I knew for a fact that many of the students going into group C this year should have by all rights been in this dreary classroom with me. Just a week ago last Sunday I saw Malcolm Dodge drinking with friends around town. The whole thing was just degrading on so many levels. The instructor stepped in and began the expected speech about how important it was to take our education seriously in the upcoming year. It was all really standard high school bullshit, up until the end at the very least. He finished with a scripted diatribe about how the new changes were for the benefit of equality and every student. When he finished I probably would have laughed had my face not been frozen out of sheer horror as the the implications. It was amazing how much could change in a couple months. As I walked out of the classroom, preparing myself mentally for math, the instructor handed me my school ID. I glanced at it as I stepped into the hall. On the right next to my picture was the official seal of our Prime Minister and Holy Pope of the Catholic Church. In the bottom right corner there were three lines of text, with the bottom one being circled in red pen: C - Christian H - Heretic U - Unaffiliated Edit: formatting