My nostrils were burning as I slowly began to regain consciousness. The pungent ammonia-like odor made my eyes water as they slowly adjusted to the red light around my body. As they became more focused, my eyes were able to make out the features around me. Metallic walls enclosed this room, which had almost nothing else in it, save for a door, some bottles and needles, and what looked like a roll of brown parchment right next to me. Almost instantly, the feeling of fear trickled down my body. This did not look anything like my house, the place I was just at with my brother Caleb mere seconds ago - at least, what felt like seconds ago. Minutes, or even hours, could have passed while I was unconscious. The last things I could remember were seeing a red dot on the wall near Caleb, right before knocking him out of the way, thinking he was about to get shot. He usually bragged about dealing with dangerous " foreigners, " which led me to anticipate the worst when it came to being with him. Faint memories of me being dragged by somebody, as Caleb escaped through the back door, were the last images I could remember before blacking out. But what about this room? I shot another quick glance at the parchment roll. Curiosity got the best of me as I gingerly rose from the cold metal floor, and slowly grabbed it. The roll felt quite rough to the touch, yet it did not feel as fragile as it had initially looked. Starting from the top, I slowly pried it open to reveal a small photo of Caleb near the bottom of the parchment. It was his DMV photo, surrounded on both sides by what appeared to be writing. The leftmost portion of the parchment was covered with obscure characters, bearing an odd resemblance to the Wingdings fonts you'd normally find on most computers. I did, however, recognize the language on the opposite side as English. To my complete shock, there were only a few words on this side: " Will kill for autopsy. " An immense feeling of pressure slammed my chest as I realized what was going on. These foreigners that Caleb was talking about, whoever they were, had gotten ME instead of him. These...psychopaths, were probably looking to kill him and mutilate his body for their sick " research. " Yet, they mistook me for my brother, who I was sure got out of the house in time to avoid them. If they found out I wasn't him, these people would just kill me and keep on searching for my brother. That couldn't happen - my love for Caleb was just too deep to let that happen. If I couldn't get out of here alive, convincing my captors that I was their target would be Plan B. Mustering all of my courage, I quietly moved towards the door and turned the doorknob; it was somehow unlocked. To my complete shock, Caleb was standing mere inches from me, albeit with a terrified look on his face. I yelped loudly upon my discovery, yet his facial expression did not budge in the slightest. " Caleb!! Didn't you escape!?! " I yelled. " These..whoever got me is looking to kill you, let's get the fuck out- " " I'm sorry, " he replied in an hoarse voice. As he said this, he raised his left arm and pointed a gun at my face. " Wha...the...but they want yo-your body for an autopsy? " I stammered weakly, cowering under the gun's dark, empty barrel. " They were supposed to shoot you back there. You distracted them. But they wanted me to finish you here, to perform an autopsy on YOU. For their research. The ' foreigners.'No one can see them. Except me. They're not from here, at least not from our world. " His eyes darted back and forth as he said this, almost as if some unseen force was looking back at him. " If I didn't kill you, they would have gotten me instead, " he stammered weakly. " I can't die, you understand? " The weapon was still pointing at my face. I was at a complete loss for words. After what seemed like an eternity, I finally spoke, " Caleb, listen to me. You can't - "