Nothing has ever worked out the way I planned it. I gave up on planning. I have lived too many years over and over again and I know now that we plan and God laughs. The only thing worse than knowing you're going to die one day is knowing that you're not. I never did want immortality. I just wanted a really long life. And I picked something that made a lot of sense. No one wants to die with unanswered questions. The worst thing to me is not knowing. I want to know everything. How the universe works, how things came to be, what makes everything tick... everything. Thousands of years ago we didn't know anything about what existed outside our tiny little blue ball of a home. We thought that was it, we thought we were everything. Then we discovered we were a tiny spec in an almost infinite universe and we were just the result of some random spark of life that mutated and mutated over a couple billion years. We thought there was some kind of magic in us that gave us the power of consciousness. Nope, its just a ball of grey meat undergoing some electrical and chemical processes. I don't mean to make it sound like these were disappointing discoveries. I think they're utterly fascinating and amazing, that's why I want to know more, I want to know all there is to know. I don't want to die until all my questions are answered. The way I saw it, I would be content to die after that. I'd be bored by life after that anyway, there'd be nothing more for me to figure out. Or if I wasn't, by that point we'd know how to make it so I could live forever anyway.So, I sat back and soaked it all it. Every technological advance, every breakthrough, every theory confirmed or disproved brought me closer to it... to death and to complete closure. But, the more we figured out, the more we knew, the more questions that came with our new knowledge. Questions spread like a virus. As soon as one question was answered a hundred more came about. Now I wait, still searching. My thirst is still there, and at times I believe progress is being made, at times it seems futile. With complete knowledge will come the secret to immortality. Without it, I'll have a reason to keep going. It seems I'll live forever, or die trying.