30 years in this business, and I've had enough. I've ended thousands of lives in that span. Some have deserved their fate, some probably haven't, and three were accidents, my only ones. Those three wake me in the middle of the night. I remember each of their faces vividly. I relive their deaths daily. And one man is responsible for all three of them. The first time I was hired to kill Matthew Cauthon, I had only been in the game for a year and a half. Hell, I had only "left" the military two years prior. I must have been 24 at the time. A prominent Atlantic City casino owner had hired me to put Cauthon down after he had turned a hundred dollars into a hundred and fifty grand over the course of 6 hours, while simultaneously wooing the casino owner's daughter. He had then supposedly " kidnapped " the daughter and taken her to somewhere in Central America. I found them at a small resort in Costa Rica, and booked a trip for myself. I figured I'd be in and out within 48 hours maximum, but the shortest available resort stay was four days so I decided to take my time with it and be really careful. The first two days I just observed Matt and the daughter trying to discover habits and patterns. I was specifically looking for times where Cauthon would be alone: the casino owner had been adamant about his daughter ending up oblivious to Cauthon's death. He was supposed to just " disappear " so that the casino owner could use it as a lesson to her daughter about " men like that ." It was a pleasant enough time. In fact, it felt like a vacation for me really. All this girl and Matt did all day was drink, smoke weed, eat, and gamble. God did Matt like to gamble. He would constantly play the slot machines in the bar, which he seemed to consistently do well on. There were poker games held in the rec center by the pool after dinner. About 20 of us would show up and play down to a winner. Matt got second on the first night and won on the second night. He even got a hold of some dice at one point and managed to get a small game going in the bar, which he of course won. I should've taken these occurrences as the warning signs they were. I planned to make Matt disappear on his walk back to his room after the poker game on the third night. The previous two nights, Matt had done quite well and the daughter had done quite terribly. Having played a bit of poker over the years myself and observed both of their respective games, I knew these consistent results for the two of them were no coincidence, and on the previous two nights the daughter had gone back to the room for a nap until Matt showed up. This was the only time Matt would be outside alone at night. It was a good plan, and even if it didn't work out, I had at least one more opportunity the following night. Sure enough, the daughter was the fourth person out of the poker game. She hung around watching Matt and cheering him on for maybe an hour, but then decided she needed a nap and retired. Luckily for me, I was performing decently in the game as well, so I had an excuse to remain until Matt took off. If he busted before I did, I planned to excuse myself to the washroom. As luck would have it, Matt and I ended up as the final two players of the evening. Once we reached that point, I suggested we split the rest of the winnings evenly and just call it a night. At first, Matt was very hesitant. He wanted to play it out, saying he was the better player and all that. I knew how to play this one. I told him he was indeed the better player, and that I had been asking in order to try to swindle him. I countered by offering to give him 55 percent of the winnings instead. He thought for a moment, then said 60 percent. I said I was tired anyway and agreed. We shook hands and took the money. We started walking back towards our rooms. Mine was relatively close to Matt's, so it didn't look suspicious. I had my garote in my right pocket, planning to feign lighting a cigarette about half way towards the shacks, and then jumping him from behind. There was some thicker vegetation off to the right about half way back, so I had some decent cover for the deed once I had begun. Just in case, I had a silenced 9mm stashed just along the path. As we got nearer to the bushes, I started preparing. I pulled a cigarette out of my pack and grabbed my lighter while maintaining my stride. I started trying to light the thing, pretending like the wind was causing my issues. I stopped and turned away from Matt. He kept blabbing on about whatever it was he was explaining to me about cards. I dropped my smoke and lighter while pulling the garote out of my pocket and turning to start back towards Matt. I took quick but quiet steps. One..... two....lifting my arms...... " What the fuck man? " he said as he started turning towards me, " can't you light that goddamn cigar...... " He cut off mid-sentence as he saw me coming towards him with the wire. He reacted immediately, ducking low and throwing his shoulder into my my gut and chest. I doubled over immediately, but still attempted to get the garote around him somehow. I managed to get it around his chin and just started to pull as hard as I could. He yelled out in pain and then started elbowing my in the ribs. The pain was blinding: he must have cracked one of them in his initial strike. I doubled over again, losing my grip on the garote and Matt. He jumped up and kicked me in the ribs again for good measure, then started sprinting towards his room. I pulled myself together quickly and started looking for my gun. I had made it's location very easy to find without it being too obvious just in case stuff like this happened. I located it after about 5 seconds and started after Matt. He was fast though, and I had cracked ribs. Thank god for adrenaline. I was about 40 meters behind Matt. Christ he was fast. By the time he cleared the brush surrounding the path, I had lost even more ground. He was close to the patio door of his room now. I could see the light was off. " Stacy!!! " he screamed. " STACY OPEN THE DOOR!! " I made it to the edge of the brush. I readied my pistol. It had to be now. I wouldn't get another shot at this. Please god let Stacy be asleep. " STACY OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!!! " I aimed and started to squeeze slowly. This was it, I had him. I fired. Matt tripped over the slight step up onto the patio and slammed into the concrete in front of him. Fuck I had missed. Matt gathered himself and looked up towards the glass door. I readied myself for another shot, then caught a glimpse of what Matt was looking at. There was Stacy, in the door way. The bullet hole in the glass was right at her chest height. She stood for a moment with the most confused expression on her face, then fell backwards. " STACY!!!! " Matt screamed, jumping up. Lights started appearing in other rooms along the line of shacks. It was time for me to leave. Part II....ummm, sometime? Tomorrow hopefully. Sorry for any grammar and spelling shit. Didn't care to edit this.