I found it while renovating the basement of my newly-bought late-19th century house. The real estate agent had bragged about the house's pristine condition when I first toured it, conveniently neglecting to show me the decaying basement which I decided to renovate before I fully moved into it. The elevator was tucked away discreetly behind a brick facade, unused for God knows how long. The brass exterior shined and gleamed as if a maintenance crew regularly cleaned it, contrasting vastly with the abandoned look of the basement. On the head of the elevator was a phrase engraved onto the metal: "Absence of thought is true beauty." There weren't any buttons inside; only 2 levers fixed to the elevator panel labeled " G " and " B " were present. I wasn't nearly stupid enough to ride in the possibly-hazardous machine, so instead I used the crowbar to pull the " G " lever from outside the doors. The doors slammed shut with a resounding CLANG, making me drop the crowbar into the elevator as it exhumed a great collection of dust and slowly crawled down, creaking, into the dark shaft. It took 4 days for the cable holding the elevator to stop moving. All of the cameras I sent down recorded only static and broke shortly after I played the stored footage. There were no sounds other than the rumbling whirring of the machinery. 2 weeks after the last camera came back up, I gathered a suitcase full of food, water, batteries and other supplies and stepped into the claustrophobic box. I turned on the ancient bulb as the basement light slowly faded away. I had brought my audio recorder and a journal to record my thoughts to make daily diaries on the progress of my journey down, which I thought would mostly be waiting idlly. They and the extra food were not needed. The elevator stopped only 34 seconds after I pulled the lever according to my watch. The doors slid open as I stood there open mouthed. Eventually, I stepped timidly out into the darkness in front. The camp light's harsh brightness illuminated the ground in front of me, revealing a vast hall taller than a cathedral I attended long ago when I was a child. A line of enormous brass soldiers stood at attention on either side of the hallway. I felt like a peasant asking a king for a hearing as I walked through the still guards. As I approached the end of the corridor, I noticed a large lump on the ground near a door. As I walked over, I realized the lump was actually a creature, dead long ago. A greenish bile had leaked out of the unknown creature which someone had used to scribble onto the wall what appeared to be "Klhg, the Sunken City" along with a series of unknown symbols. My head ached and my stomach turned after reading those words for some reason, and I quickly turned away towards the door. I sighed, wondering if this really was a good idea after all, and opened the door.