"Sir?" the voice rang with the stark clarity of a church bell. "Hmm?" said the Wizard turning to face his slightly glowing companion. "Its only the boy paused. "I think, perhaps, maybe "What is it child?" "Well. I've been thinking about this for a good while and.." the boy paused as an old beggar approached him, gnarled purple horns protruding in bloody spikes from a useless, desiccated arm. With a casual touch from the boy a shaft of light burst from the heavens and the arm was healed. The two walked on ignoring the blubbering thanks from the old man. "I think you may have chosen the wrong boy back in Orphanvale." "Oh?" asked the Wizard in a knowing voice. "And what makes you say that? You have proven your worth many times over. Chosen exactly for that morality, that grace, that humility "No, that's not quite what I mean." said the boy. The two continued on in silence for a time. "So if you recall, two Wizards came to town that day. You and Wizard..." "Belzophar." "Right. Belzophar. You were looking for a chosen dragon slayer and he was looking for a chosen holy savior right?" "So it was." "You chose me and Belzo..gar?" "Belzophar." "Right. Belzophar choose Billy." "That's right." "Well, I just don't get it sir. Billy's the one who's hated lizards since he was in swaddling. He's the one who's a prodigy with sword, lance, and spear. Who can sense any kind of treasure around him "Child I know how it is." said the Wizard in a soothing tone. "To look to others, any other, to pass on the burden, the mantle of a hero." "No, that's- No! You are missing the point. He's..... He's fireproof sir! Fireproof! Don't you see? He'd be perfect for fighting the Black Dragon." The boy threw his hands in the air and doves dove down from the clouds to perch on his fingertips. "I'm the one who's been loved by the gods, the holy boy who can heal and purify. It should be me who fights the Demon King!" The Wizard looked at the boy in silence. "You, you see it don't you? That Billy and I are perfectly suited for the other's task? It's obvious isn't it?" the boy looked at the Wizard desperately hoping against the weight of all previous history that this time, this time, the Wizard would see his point. The Wizard looked to the sky and began to speak. "It is..." the boy leaned forward expectantly. "It is a sad time indeed when the Hero trusts not his Wizard." The boy screamed in frustration and sprinted away leaving perfectly white flowers blooming in his wake. The Wizard watched him go and waited till the boy disappeared over the crest of the hill before pulling a blue conch shell from his pack and putting it to his ear. "Belzo here." said a voice from inside the conch. "What's up." "It's bad man." said the Wizard. "He's catching on. It's getting harder to bullshit here." "Yeah same. I have to fucking drag this Billy kid. He keeps looking back and saying he can sense something pulling at him." "Alright fuck it. Let's just call it. Enough villagers and peasants have seen us on our journey by now. We got our plausible deniability." "Okay then. Let's'find' a hidden ancient portal tomorrow, bring em to King D and Scaly D, make sure they pay us a fucking fortune and be done with this mess." "Alright. Tomorrow then." "Tomorrow." Belzophar agreed. "For the Dark Lords." "For the Dark Lords." echoed the Wizard before putting the conch back into his pack. The Wizard watched as the plume of light that always hung above the boy wandered slowly back towards him. It looked as resentful and sullen as it was possible for a plume of light to be. "For the Dark Lords." said the Wizard.