I remember the window being open during my last therapy session. A late September breeze tousled the curtains, as if the wind were self-aware and knew the power it held, yet opted to control itself for my sake. I have a history of anthropomorphizing objects and powers unseen - it's why I never allowed myself to get too close to God. I couldn't bear the shame. I knew He knew what I knew, and I haven't been a very good person throughout my lifetime. " I'm tired of stressing everyone out, " I confided. " My family's worried about me, and I don't have friends anymore. " Rolling over to face away from my therapist, I sighed. " You already know about the friend part. " I'd brought my last friend - my best friend - to my previous therapy session. I wanted to explain to her that it wasn't my fault I urinated on her parents'wedding picture after drinking all of her dad's good whiskey. My parents blamed their divorce on me. It was her parents'fault for being married. I didn't want them to hurt her. I was protecting her. She didn't understand. I think she blocked my number. The silence was comforting. That's one thing about my doctor: he knows I don't like to be advised. I don't want to create a plan or modify my behavior. I have a right to be the way I am because of the hand I've been dealt, and no one has understood that until now. People have a right to cope. Other doctors tried to give me pills to ' normalize'my mood swings. I don't like taking them. The last time I took my venlafaxine and amitriptyline, I twisted up a Pepsi can and carved stick figures into my left forearm. I'm so glad I changed doctors. The therapist I have now would never make me take pills. Pills are the establishment's way of making you feel good about all the bad in the world, and I don't think they work on me. I never feel good when I take them. " I don't think I'm meant for this lifetime, " I went on. " I think it's a mistake. I had to have been put here by mistake. Don't you agree? " Dr. Marshmallow McSnugglesworth didn't reply. I love his resolve when it comes to making me work through my own shit. His downy face was forever impartial; those glass eyes never indicated that I should change. I felt the urge to run my fingers over his floppy ears like I did when I was a kid, but I signed a contract that forbade physical contact about six months ago. I didn't want him to lose his license because I was being childish. " The window's open, " I mentioned. " Think I could survive the drop? " No response. Dr. Mcsnugglesworth maintained his professional distance, as always. " I mean, it would be the perfect way to test out whether or not I'm supposed to be here. If I survive, I am. If I'm not, well... " I didn't give my therapist a chance to answer. He's always felt that my choices were mine alone, even though other people made me who I am. Some might think that's contradictory, but life's a lot more complicated than those people make it out to be. I climbed atop the sill and felt that strong breeze against my face, still holding back. " I can't hold back, " I told Dr. McSnugglesworth. " You don't even look like a real dog. " And I jumped. Apparently, I'm supposed to be here. I have a new therapist now, and I have to take pills. They found new ones for me, though, and they don't make me want to draw with my own blood. I usually just sit by the window, crosshatches casting shadows on my face when it's sunny out. Sometimes, it's all I ever want to do. And when the meds don't work - if I eat something new or the moon is full - I still have my old therapist as a backup. My sister found a way to smuggle him in. And I can tell him anything.