That must have been a big one. Crawford only had one at bat last time I was awake. Dr. Rodney had said I would begin to slip in and out of consciousnesses several times as the end crept closer. I recalled how silly my question was after he explained that; "What happens when the end comes? " , I said. "Well I've never had a patient polite enough to tell me, but if you can, please do. It would be a great societal advancement." Dr. Rodney chirped with a wry smile. My smile in return confirming that his oft repeated joke could still make a dying man laugh. I could feel more lapses coming on. I had already said good bye to everyone I was just stubbornly waiting to die, taking up more of society's resources. Maybe the next one will be the last one, although I never did like the prospect of dying much. "What the fuck?" I mumbled, in a voice much more healthy than the one I last knew. I was still in a bed, still wearing clothes..... albeit weird ones. "Am I actually fucking alive or is this the afterlife? Because the afterlife makes no fucking sense, I was just a smart monkeymeat-bag." No response. I leaned up for the first time in what felt like a goddamn millennium to survey an extremely curvy, organically styled room with slight rolling surfaces and asymmetrical windows. There was "furniture" I guess you could say, although it wasn't human. Neither was the offensive brown and purple color scheme. That's when it dawned on me. I had my body shot into space. Frank and I were really stoned one day in the 2230s and we both signed up to have our bodies flash frozen and shot into space in sealed containers upon our deaths. It only cost us like half a day's pay, we both had good jobs and the novelty of being revived by a hyper-advanced alien culture was too savory to resist. We were shot towards very similar trajectories from a station on the moon, although I undoubtedly had a head start on him he could be here, still on the way or at some other alien facility. I felt the woosh as an air lock opened around the hall and I could hear something moving towards me although there weren't any steps being taken. I leaned up for the first time in several minutes to see a large slug-like creature with prehensile limbs and eyes on the end of tentacles. It was dressed in clothes in the same theme as my own, albeit cut differently for obvious reasons. It had some sort of computer on its'wrists' and several small black things, what I assume must have been diagnostic ports for some sort of bionic computer near its brain. It greeted me in a computer generated voice from ancient history, Stephen Hawking's. "Hello earth organisms. We found you adrift in a small craft that was seemingly derelict. We have resuscitated you in order to further make contact with your culture and accept you as a refugee if needed." The slug had an expression on its face that I could only guess meant I was supposed to reply. "How did you learn English? What year is it? Why did you pick Stephen Hawking's voice?" I frantically stammered. "We have made contact with one other human. He has taught us much about your culture and has lead us to information disseminating spacecraft Earth has sent out, although we have not yet made contact with Earth, we know much about it. You are on the first vessel en route." The slug continued "If your Earth probes keep accurate time it is 3640 by Earth time. I chose Hawking as my voice to interact with humans because it felt relevant." "Well relevant it is but this is all a lot to tak- Say who was that other person you made contact with? Was his name Frank?" I could feel the anticipatory grin nearly tearing my face apart. "Yes, yes it was. He is on another ship and asked us to deliver you this message if we were ever to find you or successfully revive you. He will be rendezvousing with us soon." The slug handed me a perpetually slimy computer interface and I nearly broke down when I saw "Hey buddy- Your pal frank from Earth" at the top of the screen.