I pulled out my pocket watch, watching the hands tick. Always consistent. Always predictable. Much better than a person. I closed it and returned it to my pocket. I glanced up at my surroundings. The buildings rose high and glowed their usual fluorescence and I stood beneath blue lamp post. The lights were muted by the ever constant dust, giving even the vibrant blues and greens an orange tint. This was the place alright. "Yeah Katya..... I don't think Jack's coming," I said into my earpiece. I adjusted my cerulean jacket, trying to keep as much dust off in vain. "Dammit!" I heard her take a deep breath. "You sure your at the right place?" I laughed. "How can I forget it? Xeon's Bar is ingrained into my memory. It's where Jack fucked up my kidney." I moved my hand over the area of my scar. You always loved knives Jack..... "I She started her sentence but quickly stopped..... "Could he be inside?" "That's a possibility. Actually, I probably should checked there first." I wrapped the scarf around my face a bit tighter. Although this area was out of reach of Alkaline's view, you never knew who payed attention to a display. The bar was the usual muted Browns, only brightened up by the Violet's and oranges irradiating over every god damn thing. I took a seat at the bar, same seat 3 years ago. The bartender's face light up when he saw me. "Sanders! Please can I get you anything?" I smiled at the old man, even though he couldn't see it through the scarf, my eyes communicated the relief of seeing an old friend. "I'll take my usual." He shot me his toothless grin. "You bet your boots I'll get it to you! I haven't made Rust since you last came here! Tell me where you've been?" "Let's just say that I pissed of Alkaline and removed Solas from the face of Alasis." I laid down the cash, ten times more than the needed amount. "I suspected it was you on the displays. You've become quite the celebrity here in the Dusts." He picked up the money. "And I can see you drained much of the pockets of Alkaline." "Well I couldn't do it alone. Jack helped me out a lot." "Speaking of which, where is that bastard. Last I saw he was with you, trying to steal your liver." "Kidney, but yeah he helped me out on a lot of my..... projects." "Sanders! Have any sights on him?" Kat questioned over the comms. I ignored her. Jack wasn't to be found yet. I continued scanning the bar. This wasn't like him. "Did he now?" He handed me my drink and I took a little swig immediately. Huh. Tasted different than from what I remember. "Well, that's all the information I need." I set down the glass. "Pardon?" "You can take him," he called out nonchalantly. Many of Alkaline's Guards appeared around me. The supposed customers were undercover, and more came from the back room. I stood up and drew my revolver. "The hell, Cassis?!" "What's going on, Sanders?!" He counted the money I handed him, then pocketed it. "Sorry Sanders. Got to do what I need to make a living." I raised my arm, aiming at one of the guards. It began to sway. Of course. A couple of the guards grabbed me offering little resistance. The began to drag me out of the bar with Kat yelling my name repeatedly through the earpiece. I took their money then their CEO. Guess it's time to take everything else.