"Captain, status report!" I barked as I exited the dimensional gate, this was the 15th universe we had visited since the invention of the gate and all of them looked like a shit medieval cesspool, made me miss plumbing and the luxuries of the 25th century every time I entered a new world these days. "Physics nominal, medieval era as usual, human race enslaved by demons this time, General." Captain Huxley answered my demands fast and sharp. He would make a fine addition to The Empires upper echelons one day. A young, but precise man, that fallowed orders to the letter. I should make him a Major and groom him myself, but that would come later, we have to deal with this filthy place first. "Did the scout squad encounter any resistance or make contact with the locals?" "We encountered some resistance that were no threat to us, locals were too afraid of us after we blasted some demon scum to pieces, automatic firearms and grenade launchers make these invasions pretty unfair, sir. Full report is on your table in the command tent, sir." "That will be all for now, Captain Huxley, dismissed until further notice!" I didn't hear Huxley's yessir as I entered the command tent, a rather poor display of a forward command center for a General of the Eternal Empire, a 40 square meter carbon fiber tent with a few chairs, a holotable and a workstation set up for my operational command. They hadn't even brought in a water cooler, someone would get whipped for this. It would take another two days for the 8th legion to assemble in the war camp, so I decided to take a good look at the report of the surrounding area. I took a seat at the workstation, opened the file and started reading through the scout report. Three major population centers, estimate of a million or so inhabitants in this region, no advanced technology but suspicion of magic, rest of the physics nominal tho. I shuddered as I remembered world 5, ballistics didn't work, we had to fight with swords like savages. For some reason humans were either enslaved or fighting loosing wars in all of these worlds with strange creatures. No matter, The Empire needed more land and I would provide. Three days later..... The battle was bloody, my head swam as I walked among the fallen, I had lost two thirds of the legion, I underestimated them, no, I expected it to be like the others, easy victories made me weak and complacent, The Emperor will understand, I must make him understand. A familiar face made me stop, poor captain Huxley lay in the dirt with lifeless eyes, his power armor ripped to shreds. I slumped to the ground next to him, may be The Emperor doesn't need to understand, may be I don't deserve it....