" Captain's log 2449. Approximately two hours ago Communications Officer Ventron discovered a series of deep space com signal coming from a previously unexplored part of the galaxy. Upon further inspection of the signals Ventron was able to confirm our suspicions that they are from an undiscovered alien race. I've set Ventron to the task of deciphering the language with the help of our on board linguistics specialist, we are currently on course for that region of space and are due to arrive in approximately six standard days. I will send this and all further reports concerning this matter directly to the Department of Inter-species Relations. Captain Griktol out. " " High Councilmen Dranlon's official log number three hundred and six. I am scheduled to meet with the Terran representative in eight hours, this will be the third the Terrans have met with an Association representative. We will be me- Xilma this is ridiculous, I know why I'm meeting with the Terrans and so does whoever is listening to this asinine recording because I bloody stated it in the last sixteen logs. Algoth you know it's regulation, being the High Councilmen of the Association comes with a lot of repetitive tasks you knew that when you accepted the position. Eugh fine whatever, My goal i- did you just roll your eyes at me? You may be the High Councilmen, but I have been Aide to the High Councilmen since long before you were brought into this galaxy. Ahhh, you're right, as usual, I'm sorry Xilma. Can I continue now? I would hope you could. As I was saying. We will be meeting on Captain Griktol's ship as they are already familiar with it, well that and the fact they also requested it. My goal is to negotiate a transfer of information as a sign of friendship. Hopefully in the long term this will lead to trade agreements and potentially even a military defense agreement. I will be bringing a Quie with me to act as translator. I will update this log after the meeting takes place. Log amendment one. I believe that went relatively well. We agreed to a transfer of cultural information, and I will be meeting with Ambassador Diya again in one week's time. Anything else Xilma, I've got a headache and would like to go lay down for a bit. Yes, what was your first impressions of the Terrans? Ugh, um. Considering we already have a few other species similar to the Terrans in the Association they weren't too foreign, though I will admit the constant sniffing was slightly annoying. Now if you don't mind I'm going to go to sleep! " " Head Coroner Jivadi's log thirty six ninety three. The first look at the cadaver shows severe bleeding from all orifices, hundreds of cysts cover the body. I'm now making my first incision at the base of the neck where the glands seem heavily inflamed. It looks like there are numerous cysts on the inside of the body aswell, god the pain the High Councilmen must of been in is unimaginable. I'm going to cut open one of the inner cysts n- oh well that's interesting. They contain a green gel like substance that is melting my medical tools, I'm going to go send some of these cysts away to be analysed, along with samples of the blood and saliva. I'll continue the autopsy shortly. " " Hello, I'm Trix Delvonian head of the Tourism Bureau and I need your help! A new species called Terrans has recently been discovered and we need people who can help organise and facilitate safe, exciting, and interesting tours of Association planets. We also have some exciting opportunities coming up that involve traveling to Terran worlds, experiencing their culture and documenting your experience there! If you're interested in either of these exciting new possibilities please contact the Tourism Bureau today! " Director Alogran: " Alright I'm sure you've all heard the rumours going around about this new plague, unfortunately I'm here to confirm them. " General Dranop: How has it taken this long for a meeting to happen, from what I've been hearing this is verging on a class Zeta outbreak. " High Councilwoman Salidra: " Don't be ridiculous, there hasn't been a class Zeta disease in over fifty thousand years " Director Alogran: " No, not ridiculous. It's class Zeta. Though we can't pinpoint where it originated from. " Chief Biologist Zona: " The biggest problem is that we don't know which species are susceptible to it. Not everyone that encounters it seems to be infected. " High Councilwoman Salidra: " When was the first documented case? " Director Alogran: " As far as we can tell it was High Councilmen Dranlon. " General Dranop: " Have we spoken to the Terrans about this? Could it be a biological attack? " High Councilwoman Salidra: " No not yet, that's highly unlikely General Dranop. The Terrans have been nothing but helpful, they've shown absolutely no signs of animosity. " Chief Biologist Zona: " I agree with the High Councilwoman, I also don't think they're advanced enough technologically to create such a damaging bioweapon. " General Dranop: " Do we have a plan then? What's our next step, how do we quarantine something we can't detect? " Director Alogran: " The purpose of this meet was just to confirm the rumors, I have set up several task forces dedicated to finding a solution. I suggest you all do the same, in the meantime all we can do is wait. " - NL Edit: Spelling. Also I've not tried writing in this style before so feedback would be appreciated:)