" DON'T YOU PEOPLE SEE THAT THIS IS THE BEST WAY TO BE ON THEIR GOOD SIDE!? " " WHAT YOU! DON'T UNDERSTAND IS THAT THAT IS STUPID! " " Could you two please calm down, we are all civil here, and we will keep the conversation as such " With the man's archaic, dominant voice the others quietly settled down like dogs that have been told off by their master. " I'm not exactly in the age where I can argue with you young ones " the man slowly adjusted himself on his puffy chair, his was a beard with silver hues and joints that would collapse at the very first sign of overwork, he didn't need these young ones to be arguing. Cooperation. That was one of the many tenants that the United World stands for. He would not let those words only be small papier-mache that gives unnecessary detail to their council. " Other than these..... fine ' gentle men'is there anyone else who could give as a real solution " The two ' gentle men'in question reclined further back to their chairs, making them their safe haven, it was embarrassing enough to be told off by the head of the United World, even more so to be given condescending looks from everyone of their peers. Though not all of them were giving them the looks there were a select few who didn't, among them were a lightly dressed, barrette wearing figure that smirked at the inquiry " There's the option of killing them? " he suggested with a smile on his face. ..... The others went dead silent " What I thought that's what we were going for? " his secretary right beside him looked alarmed as she scrambled to her superior filling him in with the details of the meeting while he was dozing off. He lightly hit himself and posed for them, acting as if he was a young teenager accused of a light crime " Whoops shouldn't have said that hehehe..... Well if its good relations we are looking for why not send them a piece of culture? Show them that we aren't beasts after all " his smile quirked growing larger, they seemed to be the smile of a malicious cat if they've ever saw one. The man at the head of the table smiled amusedly " And what do you suggest we send? " he asked without allowing a sign of his amusement leak through his serious mien. The General took his time to think it through tossing and turning in his seat like a little child as he does so " JAPAN! " as if a sudden moment of epiphany struck him he stood up and continued listing out a few of the things that popped in his mind " Salad recipes and don't forget! the magnificent! the amazing! the smooth! Ester Mendiaz's Jazz! " -man this was easy! he seemed to have thought to himself as he took his seat with a wider grin that what he has been holding the entire time. A collective slew of sighs echoed through the room, disappointment and bewilderment were what they could call the cloud that formed above their heads. The old man of the council laughed, garnering the room's collective stares " That sonny is..... Ahh Of course " he gestured towards the meeting's chronicler before announcing " General Stausse be my guest and show the Galactic council these wonders that you've listed " finally he allowed a warm, kindhearted smile to leak out to his features " After all what's there too loose? " " EVERYTHING! SIR WHAT ARE YOU DOING! " Five members of the council barked out as they heard his words. The United World's council was to be formed of the most influential, most powerful, wealthiest, and wisest of the world! They couldn't stand for their leader to nonchalantly send a stooge to the galactic stage! And they certainly wouldn't stand for their leader to have come to such a conclusion. " Aww does that mean I don't get to go? " he looked disappointedly at his chair " I wanted to see the fish people...They seemed nice " " And you will. Don't worry " The leader smiled as he swiped a few buttons, pulled a few strings and got him a space cruiser and caravan of the general's requested materials to the galaxy's council " Don't go disappointing us, yes? I'm counting on you soldier " he saluted towards the currently swaying general who, upon seeing him raise his arm, raised an equally authoritative salute back to his superior " YES SIR! " He stood up, grabbing his secretary's arm as he fluttered his way towards the exit. The leader smiled before sighing " Young ones..... " he shot the other aged members of the council a smirk they, of course, sent him back a forbearing smiles. The other, younger, members were burning with furry, their voices reaching new heights of volume completely foregoing their position to speak their hearts and angers out. The old man simply stood up walking to the rest of the older members all of whom choose to stay silent for the duration of the meeting. " That was a dangerous move president " one of the older women pointed out, to which he simply sighed and smiled " A move that I won't regret " the other older members laughed " let's just hope that your move is the right one " .