We all remember the day, June 25 2025, the day of the unstoppable circle-jerk that resulted in fall of Karma and the collapse of society. But I'm getting ahead of myself. Let's start at the beginning. "Why get rid of the down-votes?" - cried everyone at the latest change. Most people just assumed some dipshit at reddit decided to capriciously change the website, but what they didn't know, was that Karma would soon be king. "The tally is in, we have everyone's Karma locked." responded the IT technician, working at a laughably old desktop. "Great, then make the announcement." - the voice came from the shadows. No one had ever seen the leader of reddit and lived to post a meme about it. "Sir, should we do a sticky or should..." He rose from his chair and screamed, "I don't give a fuck, make the change and create the question butt!" - for those that don't know, the (? ?). With the question butt complete, phase one was well under way. "Honey, when did you deposit a million dollars into our account?" Unidan asked her husband. "Ha! Good one Unidan (even her husband calls her Unidan)." he rolled his eyes and returned the to the TV. Unidan pulled out her phone and showed her husband the account balance. Their eyes met. "Honey, I didn't. I swear." - his voice trailed off. The TV show stopped and a news-anchor began reciting from the teleprompter: Internet site reddit, has just announced that all current Karma, a fictitious currency will begin paying out actual cash. It follows an unpopular change regarding the modification of their voting system. Their eyes met as the moved toward each other, and in each others embrace, began jumping up and down and screaming. - Sticklyman purchased every porn ever made on hard copy, just because he could. Most people just enjoyed the little extra cash, most blew it on weed, but the beloved website could not foresee, over a decade later, this change would result in a society-collapsing-circle-jerk to end all circle jerks and uh, society too. The post: Kanye West has agreed to play the lead role in a theater production of Trey Parker and Matt Stone's play, "Gay Fish." This post, and the comments within, would create the largest circle jerk the world had ever known. As you could imagine, there were puns. so. many. puns. A few DAE, and a couple ITT:. It would crash multiple servers and cause the Karma bubble to burst. But needless to say, it was the greatest post of all time. EDIT: Previously unknown to me: Unidan is a woman. Appropriate genders have been assigned.