(AN: I..... took invisible literally. I thought that's what you meant but could not be? IDK) Jake woke with a start. He had heard a very scary noise, but Mommy hadn't gotten up. He was in a big boy bed, in his own room, and this was his..... 3rd night? He was 6 years old now! Big boy! But the noise, it was scary. He heard footsteps, and he got up. Maybe it was Daddy? He liked to get up at night to get food. Silly Daddy, he giggled. So Jake slid out of bed, and took his blue blanket with him, and went out in the hall. "Daddy?" He heard someone crying, and he walked out, carrying his blanket. He didn't see anyone, but before he reached the stairs going down, he tumbled into someone. "Hello?" A small noise and then he heard another voice. "H-Hi..." Jake started. "Who are you?" He waved his hand around, before catching onto something, holding it. The other person, another boy, said "I'm Frankie. A-And I just want a friend!" He started to cry again, but Jake patted what he thought was Frankie's back, before putting his blanket around Frankie's body. Jake nodded. "I'll be your friend!" Frankie gasped. "Really?" Jake smiled. "Yup! Come on, you sleep in my room!" So Jake took his invisible friend, who cried in happiness, to sleep in his room with him. In the morning, Jake introduced Frankie to his parents, who at first waved it off. Then Frankie asked quietly for some pancakes, which Jake happily gave him, and that was when Jake's parents got concerned. Turns out Frankie had special powers that rendered him invisible when threatened. Unfortunately, this meant he felt threatened for a very long time. It took about two months before Jake ever actually SAW Frankie. When he did, they jumped and cried for joy, and Frankie eventually learned how to not go invisible at any sudden movement. But that was later. For now, two boys, one invisible, slept and dreamed while they curled up in Jake's big boy bed. Frankie finally had a friend, and Jake had a new very best friend, and it'll all end good. Because Frankie, all alone in his life, could not see how anything could go bad now that he met Jake.