Rage. The last thing I felt was white hot rage before passing out..... I was out with my friends bar hopping, celebrating my 16th birthday. We were at our third bar when I noticed that my Dad was tailing us, but it didn't really matter to me, just a safety precaution I thought, since people usually got their powers on their 16th birthday and coming from a family of pyromancers made me especially dangerous. By the time we were at our fifth bar we were to drunk to even get home in one piece. I tried looking for my dad to try to get a ride home while my friends phone home. I stumbled around for a bit around the bar before spotting our car around the corner. I walked towards it before hearing shouting in an alley just ahead.I peeked and noticed my dad being carried by a large man by his collar. I noticed that the man had steel hands. He screamed at my dad to give him his wallet. Knowing my dad he probably left it in the car. He shook my dad and screamed against when dad said that he didn't have it with him. Despite having pyromancy my dad was a pacifist, we worked for the fire department with my mother and never really used his powers other than for his job. The man punched my dad in the gut and shook him again. I called out to them. They both turned to look at me. My dad shouted my name and told me to run. The man seeing an opportunity at another victim then punched my dad the face, knocking him out cold. Seeing my dad out cold on and alleyway immidiately sobered me up. I felt rage towards the man who hit my dad. I felt hot, I clenched my fist and watched as the man approach me while his skin turned into metal. I smelled smoke and just as he was within arms reach everything seemed to slow down, I saw blood-red thin veins spread from me and quickly snake towards the metal man, I saw it climb up his legs and cover him entirely before turning from blood-red to blinding white and obliterating everything it touched. I awoke to my dad kneeling beside me, he propped me up on his leg and I saw what I have done, where the red veins touched the street lie only deep grooves filled with ashes and where the man was stood only a hunk of metal criscrossed with deep lines filled with ashes around it were flakes of metal and ash that musk have fallen of what used be the assailant. I felt something wet on my shoulder and noticed my dad crying. I had killed a man.