"I absolutely agree, Mrs. Green. It IS disgusting. As soon as we get your retainer I'll get started drafting the petition, and we can get you and your children away from that sicko. Your husband will pay for what he's put you through," Brad said, as he showed Mrs. Green, soon to be Ms. Rooks again, out of his office. Brad surveyed his waiting room. It was packed full. But what was most amazing was the quiet. Some people were working on his firm's intake paperwork, but most had their eyes glued to their phones. They were either shaking their heads in disgust as they scrolled through their spouses formerly private internet browsing history, or they were softly crying brokenhearted tears. "Anybody here with an appointment?" Brad whispered to Helen, his assistant. "No. All walk-ins." "So who's next?" "Reggie Gains," she answered, pointing to a slender man standing in the corner eating a McDonald's hamburger. "Found out his wife had been been pretending to be a vegetarian for years." "That doesn't seem so bad..." "She made him become a vegetarian too before they could get married. He's eaten six of those burgers since he got here. You've also got a Mr. Pims from Google on the phone." "I thought I told you to take a message," Brad said, alarm creeping into his voice. "I tried," Helen said. "He said he'd wait until you were available. He's been on hold for 25 minutes." "Shit. Better take care of that first then." "I figured. How long do you think it will stay busy like this?" "If we're lucky, a long time," Brad said with a nod. He hustled back to his office, picked up his phone's receiver, and punched the button for line three. "Pims! Good to hear from you. How's my favorite IT professional?" "He's short, Mr. Jacobson. His wallet is a bit lighter than he expected it be." Brad forced a laugh. "No small talking with you Pims. Straight to the point I see." "Small talk went out the window three weeks ago. Back when your first payment was due." "It's like I've told you Pims. One man firms like mine take time to get bills paid. I can't pay you until I get paid, and divorce clients can be a little flighty, what with their whole lives being turned upside down and all." "You aren't the only solo practitioner who was part of this agreement, Mr. Jacobson. They've all managed to find a way to make their payments, thanks to the new influx of clients. We're only waiting on you." "And I'll be able to pay you by the beginning of next week." "See that you do. Otherwise I've been authorized to remove the hold on your account." "You mean "Yes, Mr. Jacobson. All of your incognito mode browsing will be made public also. All of it." Pims hung up the phone. Brad let out a heavy sigh, then buzzed his assistant. "Helen," he said. "bring my checkbook back here. Then send Mr. Gains back."