[ "Never gon na give you up, never gon na let you down..." ] (https: vDLzxrzFCyOs) I truly meant it, but the song only annoys her. You know how they say "God works in mysterious ways"? Well, so do her angels. Which brings me to my near-impossible task. Using only my magical influence over every speaker I have to guide this hapless human through the perils of every-day life, big or small. Her least favorite song does not work to get her out of the bed. She just hid snooze and cursed a little why that bloody thing insists on repeating that song, regardless of which playlist she picks. She can't be late. Not today. Time to [ kick it up a notch ] (https: v3W9v9GxwgCM). That gets her into gear. Without further musical encouragement she gets herself ready, but almost forgets her bag. I put [ Don't you forget about me ] (https: vCdqoNKCCt7A) on the speakers of her iPad. I'm really lucky with my human. Others would get paranoid, she just lost hope to get her devices obey her. And we're on our way. I tried to get her to catch an earlier bus, but the episode with her bag made her miss that one. I need to act quickly! But she needs to do the opposite. [ Slow, Love, Slow ] (https: vt6l4H689FtM), I admonish her through her headphones. It works, but not enough. For a moment I leave her and glide through the ethers to find the arriving bus driver. After a short consultation with his guardian angel (he can only influence that poor sap's sense of smell), he allows me to meddle with the PA system. It is a desperate measure, but I have to bring out the [ big guns ] (https: vlrJz9Dh5MsM). It works! Startled, the bus driver rushes past the bus stop. Too late I realize that my meddling will cause the very accident I tried to protect her from. The bus careens out of control, straight into the ongoing traffic. But all is well. Next to every scared-shitless driver is a guardian angel and they all help in their way. One tickles its human to make him steer out of the way, another summons a bee within the car to make its human crash safely into the guard rail and the less said about the angel with the power of violent diarrhea, the better. The bus crashes into a truck transporting logs, one of which comes lose and smashes through the front windshield, piercing my human's favorite seat. No one is injured. Too bad about the property damage, but that is not in our mission description. The guardian angels guide their humans out of the wreck and I return to mine, who is obliviously waiting at the bus stop. I know she doesn't like me meddling with her playlists, but if feel [ like a boss ] (https: vIkTw7J-hGmg).