There is this sense of being all alone, even if you are at home. The feeling still persists and comes at you most strongly when you are all alone taking a stroll on those chilly evenings. The twilight with its sense of ending of a show, the crossing of a threshold, waiting for that crescendo, that never comes. And soon the day is over and when you lay down at night thinking the thoughts of where you came from, only dozing in and out of the view of the ceiling fan rotating slowly and with an indifferent demeanour at your state. The turmoils comes and it goes, we are all aliens, even here on earth which is supposedly our birth place, the place where our history our genetic identity was written. Nothing bad has happened, we have survived but coming to know of all those others that dwell in this universe, some right next to us, we feel belittled. We might be the fairytale to them, of savages in prehistoric times wielding stupid spears and feeling smug in their fur fashions. They treat us with kid gloves, even the superpowers with atomic weapons feel stupid. Like kids playing with fire, the most damage that we could do is blow ourselves up. Like suicide bombers, we might be just as insignificant as those morons who die for some idiotic religious beliefs. Just pesky little buggers that put up a show for them, once in a while, taking up all the front page space and providing entertainment and mindless chatter and gossip for the rest of that lazy Sunday afternoon. Something, to be had for a couple of cents at the newspaper stand and to be downed with tea while sitting in the backyard laying on a hammock. We feel alien, there are questions now being raised by everyone, not just them, it is among our own folks, cracks have appeared, the foundation has broken, there is no passion left, every words, half of all those songs of love, of passion, of war, of our culture has lost meaning, now we are all embarrassed of those relics. We try to hide them, sweep them beneath the carpets, and locked closets, never to be spoken again. We were aliens, we that never belonged, we are but travelers that took shelter on an oasis. We are coming back to our senses, we are going back to being travelers, building vessels to carry us to uncharted territories, we are done here. Them, that we used to call aliens contacted us, we are not even sure as to what they look like. We got scared, they are invisible to us, creatures that can command, more of the universe than we puny earth men could ever do. We are like two dimensional creatures on a piece of paper and they of higher dimensions that hold that paper and poke and prod it for fun, we could never see them for we are made that way and the instruments that we devised could but just sense them, with readings on a graph paper. But what is the point, the knowledge is out, we know they are out there and we are trapped in our universe, this universe that we inhabit is the cage that limits us. We are but playthings in their vast laboratories. Soon we will be traveling from here. Pulling off the anchor and moving on, all our technologies, put in suitcases and to find some other place. Even those who believe in moving to another place do not think that we would even be able to move away from them. That we would ever be able to get out of our cage, this universe that incarcerates us. There are other camps among men that think that we have to establish contact with those aliens. But how will it play out, we are but ants in the gardens of giants. Nothing has happened, nothing bad that is, but the knowledge of those beings out there is out now. The world has changed.