"You have offended M'Lady, JB! I challenge you to a Pokemon duel!" - the man in fedora cried out. Despite being relatively fit, he was wearing a fake belly that sagged under his clothes, and under his chin hung a relatively untended fake beard. His opponent, his peer in a tight jersey, baseball cap that he wore backwards and the narrowest shades in existence of ugly orange colour crossed his hands on the chest: "Pokemons are the foul beasts, pets of those who can not let go of their once glorious past! Such bestial fights are not to be indulged by such a fine lad as I, for I truly know: the Big Brother uses thoust interests to watch thee! I spit on you, fool! The PvP fight it is, no Estus, bro!" - the man said, coming forward while stretching his arms out. The audience was watching a spectacle in awe: before them, the glorious battle of the past was taking place. "I never knew that'Console Wars' were so interesting!" - one man whispered to another. "Yeah, but I heard there are historical inconsistencies in it: the SunBro should be riding a pony" - his partner replied. "Don't rush it, there's still The Third Act ahead." The opponents pulled out their Estocs and started measuring each other, looking for an opening in each other's defence. The classical music - an undying hit of Katy Perry - suddenly changed to dubstep as the man in shades pulled out of nowhere a giant two-handed sword. "The Legend Never Dies!" - he shouted as he charged at his opponent, only to be stopped by a skilful combo - 7 identical pokes of a rapier - of his enemy. The audience gasped. "What a curbstomp!" - somebody whispered. "Let it be known that on this day the nerds prevailed in an honest fight!" - the bearded man shouted. The audience cheered, only to gasp again as the man in the green mask of a frog walked onto the scene. "Your Facebook posts shall not be acknowledged" - the creature stated. The light slowly faded out, and as the curtain was dropping, the audience erupted in cheers: the third act was sure going to be interesting. To get my releases ahead of everybody else and get your hands on Advance Reading Copies of my books, subscribe to [ rScandalist ] (https: )!