"Ralph Roberts, please come forward. " I look to my left and right.... All I can see is endless sea of white cloud.and in the middle of it I saw a golden shimmering gate with the word "HEAVEN" written on it. "Once again, Mr.Ralph Roberts, please step forward so your judgement can begin." The white pale figure said irritatedly. I then proceed to comply with his demands, still baffled by the fact that I died. "Mr.Roberts, cause of death: murdered, age: 32, sin committed: 22, verdict: free pass to heaven" The white figure recited. "Mr.Roberts, congratulation on your acceptance to heaven." "Oh, wait.... what? is that it?" I asked full of disbelief. "Yep, you have a pretty much clean record." "Oh.... um.... would you mind telling me the two sins that I committed?" "Well mostly for lying and stealing french fries from your friends.... Other than that, you have a clean record, although.... nah.... there's no need for you to know that." Curious, I tried to remember how I died. Not knowing how I got here, I dig hard through my memory only to fail to recovered what cruel faith that befallen me. However, I did managed to recover blurs and glimpse of the scene of my death. I saw a puddle of blood.... and I remember a distinct face.... my son.... he was there." "How did I got here? who murdered me? what about my son? please.... tell me.... I need to know" "Your son murdered you, with a knife. He stab you in the head." "What.... how.... why? That's imposible." "Well, why don't you watch this quick recap of your death on this tablet?" The figure said as he pulled a stone slab with a screen. I took the tablet and press the only button there, shaped liked triangle. As soon as I pressed the somewhat similar to a play button, the screen lit up and the video begins. The video started by zooming in to a familiar building, my house that I recently bought when I married my wife. As the video begins, I then start to remember the night I died. I remembered working overtime. The video then shows my beautiful wife Louise, and Carl my son. It was new years eve and my son is having his 14th birthday. As a present my wife decide to help my son cook his favorite food, goulash soup. In the video, it shows that my son was holding a knife on his hand as my wife hold his hand and guides him how to cut a carrot. They were happy, and I remember how I am glad to have such a beautiful wife and an intelligent son. Not long after that, the pot behind her boils. As she tries to turn around, she stepped on the water that was spilled from the boiling pot.... and by absurd cruel chance, my wife tripped and the knife that was on my son's hand pierced through her heart. When I got home, I hear my son sobbing.... I knew something isn't right.... I ran to the house and as soon as I the I began to shook violently as I then realised what was going to happen next. My son then shouted and cried for help. "Dad..... DAD..... mom.... she.... she..." I heard my son shouted. I then come to the room and I saw my wife, lying breathless in the floor in the puddle of blood as my son cried helplessly next to her. My head spins as rage consumes me.... "I WILL KILL YOU! I WILL KILL YOU!!" I shouted as I ran to my son. The video then show me lying dead on the floor. Raged have consumed me and have turned my son into a murder. The Video then faded to black. I collapsed. The white figure then approached me as he retrieve the stone slab. "This can't be.... I almost killed my son and turned him into a murderer.... Why am I allowed in heaven?" "Well, technically, you didn't commit murder.... Your son however.... he will be sent to deepest pit of hell where he will be tortured in the purgatorial flame for eternity.... "The white figure explain. "so.... if you would just sign here, heaven awaits.... " "No!.... no.... there must be something that God can do.... God can turn back the time can't he? he can resurrect me and he can.." "NO! A dead person can't be resurrected.... God only resurrects his son!" "Please.... my family.... I'm sure you can do something about it.." "Well, he can't resurrect you.... but he can destroy your spirit so that it would be as if you never existed.... here, look at the tablet" I grab the tablet and began watching.... It was an alternate timeline..... I saw my wife married to a good looking man, a better looking than I am..... She and my son.... no.... her son.... yeah.... She and her son live happily in a huge mansion that I could only dream of having.... Clearly, they are better of without me.... "Your wife.... she never met you so she never married you.... she got married instead to a wealthy CEO.... does she love her? well no.... she got knocked up when she decided to pick up a stranger at a bar one night.... she then give birth to your son, oh.... well technically, it's her son now.." The white figure explained "Hey, listen.... if you decided to erase your existence, so will your consciousness. You will be trapped in the cold dark eternal nothingness.... no God.... not even Hell.... you will left in the void until your mind.... but.... why would you give up your pass to heaven? It is a clear choice isn't it? "yeah.... you are right.... it is an easy choice.... without a shadow of the doubt, I choose t - edit 1: story finished.... edit 2: age fixed note: this is my first work here and English isn't my native language.... so if you have any criticism I will take it with an open arm.... heck, at this level, an insult would also be useful.... and to those of you who managed to read this shitty story form the start till the end, all I can say is thank you for keeping up with my shitty English and my shitty writing skill.... cheers:)