Like most young men, I once believed that I would become the badass creature of the night that everyone imagined. It was my desire for power, youth, and admittedly the power of seduction that drove me to become what I am today. Sadly, I had figured out much too late that being a vampire wasn't all it was cracked up to be. In fact, I began to hate myself more than I hated Arthur, my roommate who had a bad habit of walking into my room at inopportune moments. "Hey Simon, did you hear th-WHAT THE SHIT?!" My vision a blur, I looked over to his general direction to indicate that I was still conscious. On the ground, bleeding. But still conscious. He was shocked, and I doubt anyone could blame him. He had just witnessed my 42nd attempt at suicide; my revolver lay opposite to the path of blood that spurted from my head wounds. "For God's sake, Arthur would it kill you to knock every now and then? Can't I have a moment's peace without you bursting into my room?" I moaned as I made a sorry attempt of standing on my own two feet. God, I must look like a drunkard in this state. Arthur, still in shock, stood there trying to comprehend my 42nd death. "Arthur..... Arthur there's something I have to tell you." I said. My breathing had not yet stabilized, although my other bodily functions returned to me. Standing up, I began to explain to him my history as a vampire. Of course, him being just a recent college graduate from Fullerton it was difficult for him to digest the information. It was a long talk, as I had to describe my previous life, and my years of experience killing sheep just to avoid police suspicion; but it was nice to at least have someone know who I really am. Even if it was Arthur. "Okay..." Arthur finally said after a brief silence. "So you're a vampire. But I don't understand why you would go around killing yourself. I would have thought being a vampire would be fuckin' sweet!" Here we go. "Not really, Arthur." I began. "Sunlight is a pain in the ass, I have to drink blood which tastes like ass by the way, and I have no blood flow." "So?" "Sooooo..... no erection." I sighed. "No sex." " ..... I don't want to be a vampire." He sighed. He walked over to the revolver, gripped it, and aimed it at me as if he was Clint Eastwood and I was one of the bandits. My lucky day. He fired twice, and watched me fall to the ground. I woke up, five minutes later. The bullet holes had healed and the two bullets had been ejected from my body. Standing up, I swiped the gun from his hand. "Don't do that again without my permission. I swear Arthur, I will turn you into a vampire, and you will live life without sex!" His figure shrunk at the thought, and he quickly backed away towards the door. Three loud bangs on the wood. "This is the police! Open up!" "Shit, it's the police! Our neighbors must have called them! Simon, what do we do?" Arthur cried as he turned towards me. "Simon, what the hell are you doing?" I aimed the barrel into my mouth. He'll need more than luck explaining this to the police.