I had just pulled up to my house in my new BMW. It was a pretty good week for me overall. I got a new job that doesn't require me to work until 3:00 AM, a new smoking hot girlfriend, and of course my new car. I guess you could say I had things all figured out. But things were about to get a whole lot better. As I pulled out my keys to my house, I heard a voice that I had never heard before inside. Trying to be sneaky I checked around the house to see where the intruder could have entered from. I noticed that all the windows were shut and not broken and the front and back doors were both still locked. In my backyard I grabbed my baseball bat, I know I should have had a gun somewhere but of course, I didn't. I entered through the back door and as I went through the kitchen to get to the front door I noticed my dog Buster's food spread out everywhere. "What the hell?" I said quietly to myself. I heard the voice again, this time I recognized it. It was Jeff from Community giving a speech, I left the dang television on again. I grabbed the remote and turned it off. "HEY, I was watching that," an unknown voice said. I turned around and I saw it, setting on the couch, it was Buster. "You..you..you can talk??" I said. "Of course I can dumbass. Why are you off so early today anyways?" Buster said. "I started my new job today. I think the better question is, how long have you been able to talk?" "All dogs can talk after birth, along with most other animals." No, no, no this isn't happening, I must be dreaming. Of course, how else did I get a new job, a new girlfriend, and a new car in one week? "Ya, I'm just gon na go to sleep, if I'm not already anyways." I said. "Okay, goodnight Jim!" I then changed into my pajamas, and I went to sleep in my bed. I awoke the next morning went into the living room and Buster was no where to be found. So it was all just a dream. "Morning Jim." "Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!" I screamed. "Dude chill, we went over this, all animals talk." "You've got to be kidding me, I'm going insane, I'm definitely going insane." I said to myself, pacing back and forth. "I can be your best friend, I mean I know almost everything about you, I'm pretty much stuck watching your DVR. Do you know when the new season of Community comes on?" Buster said. You know what, this might not be that bad afterall. He is man's best friend. "You know what Buster, I'm not gon na kill you, you are my new best friend." It's now 2016, we're still best bros, we do everything together. I ended up breaking up with my girlfriend because we didn't hang out, I actually forgot she even existed to tell you the truth. I never did have to tell Buster that Community got canceled, because it got its sixth and final season, and a movie. I taught Buster how to use the internet, which apparently he hadn't used before. He likes reddit, he gets on it everyday.;)