It is my birthday today! And not just any old birthday. It is my tenth birthday. For any one who doesn't know, this means I receive my first Pokemon today and begin my journey towards becoming a Pokemon master. Although this is a happy day, I almost almost a little sad. Can you keep a secret? Okay, good. I've always been a curious child. We have never met the people on the other side of the wall and are forbidden to do so. As a child I would walk along the wall, or just sit in the grass staring at it, while I listened to the sounds beyond it. One day as I circled, I found some niches in the wall that allowed me to climb to the top. I had tried some of the trees, but the masters were pretty good about pruning any branches towards the ground. And you know, 10 year olds do not have the most impressive upper body strength to slither up a tree trunk. Anyways. That day was a magical day. I sat on top of the wall for hours just watching the people of the other side. They were the most interesting sorts. They're pets don't seem to have any special powers. A lot have four legs and make weird sounds. They almost look like Persian and Growlithe, or maybe Meowth. But they have a lot of Hoothoots and Noctowls flying around. It looks like those are used to deliver their mail. The most incredible part is their powerful sticks! They don't need a charizard to bring fire, or a squirtle for blasts of water! All they do is wave their stick around in the air and yell words and then it happens! I watched this the most. I see people point at something and say "ACCIO" and it brings it right to them! Some of the more talented people did this with knives and sharp things..... but I don't think I am THAT brave. I climb the wall again today. My last day of watching. My branch sits next to me on the ledge and I try another command that I've heard. I set a leaf next to me and point my stick at it and say "DIFFINDO." Nothing. Again. Every once in a while I think I see a tear in the leaf, but definitely nothing to the extent of the prank I once saw where one kid ripped another kids pants into shreds just by saying those words. Oh well. This is why it is my last day of watching the people on the other side. I've seen the children receive letters for their schools on their 10th birthday also. We only have Professor Oak, but they have lots of schools that they can go to! I see some that get letters from multiple schools and so they have a big decision to make! Most only get one letter, and some don't get any letter at all. The families still love their children though even if they don't get to go to school. We haven't had anyone not receive a Pokemon on their 10th birthday for many centuries. I am not sure how my family would react if I did not receive one. But I know how they would feel if I got one of those school letters. One child received a school letter on their 10th birthday according to my mother's grandmother's grandmother. The family of that child banished him for choosing the strange school over our normal way of life with the Pokemons. But how cool would it be to be able to spit fire out a tree branch?! Or to be able to call something to me without moving! That would sure make capturing all of the Pokemon's a breeze! Oh well. My life has been chosen for me. I should go back in to town now and receive my Pokemon. I reach the bottom of the wall and make my way out of the woods. I hear a strange noise above me. It is one of the HootHoots from the other side! They never fly over the wall! The HootHoot flies straight towards me and drops a tan envelope in my hand and flies off. There has to be some mistake. The HootHoot needs to come back and take this to the right child! I turn the envelope over and fall to the ground. "Master Davey Capper, 1324 Leaf Lane Kalos, PokemonWorld" WHAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN TO ME?! This would be so cool! But mom and dad are going to freak out. Maybe I will keep it a secret. I just won't tell them. As much as I would like to go, I don't want to lose my family. But it would be so cool! I could make a stick SPOUT FIRE. Before I know it I am standing in my driveway staring at my parents who have an identical letter in their hands. So much for keeping it a secret then.