"C'mon guys, lets have one more round" begged Raj as he guzzled down the last few sips of his bottom shelf rum. "Sorry Raj, the wife calls" mumbled Austin as he lay down a twenty dollar bill to cover his bill. "I should probably head out too" declared Chen, "I've got class early in the morning." "Dylan, you'll stay for another drink or two, right?" pleaded Raj. Already feeling the accumulating buzz from the previous few rounds, Dylan explained that he should head home with Chen, his roommate, because he needs to be well rested for a promising interview the following afternoon. While the gang all filtered out, Raj decided to step outside and smoke a spliff. While contemplating which sensation is more dominate, the nicotine or the marijuana, Raj notices a woman out of the corner of his eye with carmel skin, big white eyes, and an enticing small yet tight physique walk into the bar. Feeling confident from the liquid, energized from the nicotine, and relaxed from the marijuana, Raj steps back into the bar determined to strike up a conversation with the woman. He locates the woman, later whose name he finds out is Claudia, across the bar. Raj slyly walks towards her end of the bar, locking eyes enough to gather interest, yet not too much to scare Claudia. "Would you like a drink?" Raj asks with a friendly smile on his face. While Claudia turned to face Raj and respond, Raj felt an awkward surge overcome him. "Am I being weird? Does she think I am too drunk? Did I give her too much eye?" Raj questions himself, when suddenly Claudia responds, "Whiskey sour" to which Raj happily responds, "Two whiskey sours on their way." As the two converse they being to learn more about each other. Claudia, just finished a hard week at work and wanted a few drinks to unwind. She questions Raj about his reasons for being at the bar alone as well. "Another whiskey sour?" Raj offers. "Jack and Coke," Claudia counters, "I like to mix it up while I drink." Now Raj's world is spinning and Claudia has seemed to lower her wall. Thinking like a man, Raj enters into a playful banter with Claudia. While he feels that it is going well, she begins to feel uncomfortable. "I've got to run to the bathroom, but uh..... Do you have anything planned for tonight" Raj drunkly asks when it's already nearly 2 am. "This is my plan for tonight" Claudia succinctly replies. "Oh cool, mine too!" excitedly claims Raj just before he leaves for the restroom. While in the restroom Raj plays out multiple scenarios that could happen between him a Claudia, ranging between bring her back to his bedroom and simply getting her number to meet again later. However, upon his return from the bathroom he finds that Claudia is no where in sight. After throughly looking around the bar, Raj enters a slight frustration. "Fuck Claudia" Raj thinks to himself as he hurries over to the bar. "Double scotch, neat" Raj angrily orders. "My friends think they're better than me" Raj complains to the half listening bartender. "Always talking about their successful and high paying jobs they're happy with, or their hot, loving, and caring wives, or enjoyment they receive from furthering their education" Raj rants. "I try everything I can to help these guys loosen-up and live a little, but they don't understand. All they do is try to rub-in their successes and accomplishments! Such bullshit." Raj's rant continues. "Let me get another" Raj demands, pointing to his empty tumbler. "And then, I met this chick who was really into me. I was going to help her unwind a bit too, if you know what I mean" Raj drunkenly laughs. "But that bitch walked out when I was in the pisser, can you believe that? What nerve she has." Raj complained. "Maybe, you're looking at it wrong" the bartender suggested to Raj, hoping to assuage the situation. "You don't know my life!" Raj yelled, grabbing his tumbler and throwing it behind the bar. "Don't act like you know me. I don't even know why the fuck you feel compelled to give me advice. I don't need any of your shit. All I wanted to do was come here and grab a drink and you're going to try to lecture me?" Raj violently scolded. "I DO N'T NEED THIS SHIT!!" Raj proclaimed while tossing a barstool over the bar, breaking many bottles in the back before storming out of the bar and getting into his car. "I'm going to teach everyone a les..." Raj was thinking to himself when he suddenly noticed bright headlights staring him in the face.