People often write about how they woke up in a new world. A world with its own rules, new to you and yet so painfully normal to everyone else within that existence. This isn't like that, though. When I woke up, nothing was different for me. World wide, nothing seemed different for anyone. No one realized overnight, or even within the first week. It took weeks, months even, for people to realize and come to terms with what happened. I was young when it happened. Fifteen, hardly at my prime, and there was so much adjustment. Men had been the dominant force in the world, mostly due to the fact that they were stronger and faster. A trait that really only mattered in a more medieval setting, mind you, but old habits died hard. Throughout bouts for equality and calls for reform, women never truly caught up. Thing was, though, that people had a funny way of adjusting to what was new. Our entire lives are spent getting over stuff. War, death, crime and poverty. Movies and TV shows that depict the end of days, and people stop wincing when a couple thousand are cropped off a population of billions. For some reason, people expected this to be any different. It was strange, yes, that men were suddenly the weaker species. Women didn't get any stronger, however. Men universally got weaker. Shred from their physical prowess without so much as a warning, the world took some time to adjust. It wasn't merely about stepping back and allowing women to take the lead. Everything, daily and trivial things no one had thought about before, had to be rethought. Road work, construction, menial labor, mines, war, all of which men had no real superiority in other than their natural given power. And yet, when they were less than a quarter the strength (on average) as women, women couldn't merely pick up the slack. They tried, but these were tasks designed for a strength that just wasn't naturally met. Women, though, were smart. The world changed faster than it ever did with men on top. With all the jokes about how we'd never get anything done once a month, the progress never seemed to slow down. A lot of people expected payback. For men to be treated as lesser, given the "housewife" treatment as most reality hosts called it. That was never the case from what I saw. Men were treated the same, if not with a little pity thrown in. Still respected, still thought of as equals by a vast majority of the female race. There were always exceptions, but that was with any rule. Men just had to get use to a world where their strength was a hindrance. I did not. I never felt the transition, though it wasn't just because of my age. In school, I would lift things for our teacher that even she thought was too heavy. At home, Mother and Father had to adjust to my being able to move things about the house at a whim. Of course Mother could do it, but not with the ease that I was able to demonstrate. As I grew older, my strength only increased. As the years passed, and I was an extremely active young man, my natural abilities were increasing exponentially. I worked out every single day I could, while attempting not to demonstrate too much of my strength in school. No one knew, not even my best friends, how strong I truly was. No one could tell just by looking at me either. Men were weaker, but their bodies were still capable of appearing toned and muscular. No, I looked no different than the rest of the men, and yet I was so very different. The history books say that the average man was two and a half times as strong as the average woman. I'd estimate I was stronger, faster, more agile than most men from that time now. My parents saw it as a freak accident, something my future family would one day find impressive. People in the past could notice obvious superiority in those with the utmost fitness. UFC fighters, special forces, all of which were strong in a time where anyone could achieve it. As far as I know, I'm the last human being in the world who is capable of this sort of strength before evolution catches back up. I was stronger than my teacher when I was fifteen, and now I'm stronger than the world at twenty five. And I plan to show the world just how strong I can become.