Mariposa just continued to glower at the teenage boy in the corner. There was just no word she could even say about this, no way of even justifying what had occurred, beyond a disgusted and annoyed silence. It didn't help Lord Justice and the Manta-Ray had insisted she come along with them. Not just to add this new lad into the Heroic Society of America's roster, no. That would be bad enough, but this. This was just completely out of the question. Voting this boy into the lead chair? For his accomplishments? She scoffed, even as he flashed her a foxy grin. "Come on," He tried to lighten the mood, winking from beneath his lemon-yellow face-mask. God, it had to be a yellow-themed costume as well. Disgusting. And she was not even going to think about the emoji character emblazoned on his chest. At least thanks to copyright law, he'd be forced to change it before being inducted. That is, if Apple didn't feel the need to thank him by giving him the copyright to said emoji. "You have to admit, it's funny." The boy tried again, holding a hand up to Mariposa. Immediately, she pulled away. Hell no, she was not going to allow him to touch her. "This is a mockery for everything we stand for." Mariposa muttered darkly. Even with the bright yellow domino mask, she could see the confusion painting his face. "Wha- Haven't you killed someone before? Aren't you one of the only big three of the Heroic Society that kills people?" He said, glaring hard at her. That at least shook him out of that cocky stance, leaning against Lord Justice's desk and shooting any C-rank heroines'finger guns' as he called it. "Not that, fool. You know what I mean!" Mariposa snapped back, not wanting to say it. She tried to spit it out, before waving her hand around mid-waist, attempting to make the implication. "That." "It's..... Really not that big of a deal. It's just how my powers work, water expulsion." He shrugged, "I mean, it'd be better if I could make it come out by sweat and tears as well, but then I couldn't call myself The Whizzard, now can I?" "I can not believe I am having this conversation. This is what my life has become. This is what justice and superheroics has become. Nebulus, Master of the Black Hole, Destroyer of Galaxies, Eater of Gods. The most nightmarish threat to all of mankind. And you defeated him by making him piss himself to death." Whizzard went silent, looking down at the ground, " ..... Well, I'm not going to be ashamed of that." He said, "We can't all have super-strength, fairy wings, or glittering rays of light, alright? I was dealt a weird hand, so I just made it work. You have mastery over plants and insects and can fly, so you're the Butterfly Queen, Mariposa." With that, he motioned over to the magenta and black wings on her back. "I have mastery over the human bladder's ability to hold liquid." "And was there no others that could have aided you?" That disgust was not going to yield simply because he couldn't do anything else. Rather, it just spread, to any other superhero team who couldn't be there, couldn't hold back Nebulus long enough for Lord Justice, Manta-Ray and herself to arrive, and forcing the situation to end with..... Ugh, such a shameful way to go as well. It wasn't like she felt sorrow for Nebulus, and to a childish extent that felt like the most suiting death for him, but god, how on earth was she going to handle being third in command to a fifteen year old boy wearing a poop emoji? Still, Whizzard didn't relent, "I knew what had to be done, and I did it. Nebulus can't harm anyone else, nor will he even have a dignified death. And you know what? I'm okay with this." He crossed his arms over his chest. "Just be happy I didn't do worse to him." " ..... Worse." Mariposa deadpanned at that. The Whizzard looked to her, before pointing at his own emblem, displaying the smiling little image. "Yeah. Technically, I don't have to go with only piss or sneezing for my attacks "I would like to request a transfer to the European Federation of Supers." For all of the terror and despair that Nebulus brought to the galaxy, she just could not abide following the young man who downed him.