The slightly balding man with over-sized glasses takes his seat next to the young attractive host. He clears his throat before exposing the audience to a melodic French accent. "Tissue samples." he says, "We took small samples from a large number of people afflicted and tested out, oh, one thousand iterations of our medication." The host adjusts how he's sitting and leans forward, he clasps his hands together before continuing the interview. "And how many people had to volunteer before your lab started seeing results?" "Oh, more than I know how to count, haha." the esteemed doctor joked, "Everyone was so excited to sign up when they heard a cure was in development. Not treatment, but a bonafide cure. I think that's the reason we were able to find so many people." The host leans back in his chair. "And I'm sure the craigslist post helped too!" The audience laughs and the studio band plays a short riff. "I don't know what that is." the guest responded. "But there was one volunteer who came out of nowhere. A lot of people use the phrase patient zero for those who start diseases, but this was a patient zero who would eventually help us cure the disease!" "And is he here now? Could we talk to him?" "Unfortunately no. Although research and development has concluded, he will need more time to recover." "Recover from being cured?" The audience laughs and the studio band plays a short riff again. "Well we initially only needed small tissue samples from many people. But when we found our, how you say, the golden goose, we had to take many samples from one person." The audience is silent as is our handsome host. "By the time we were able to bring the drug to a useful level," the doctor went on to say, "I'm afraid we had used all the tissue equal to one of our volunteers legs." "And he was okay with this?" "He knew that what he was doing was for the greater good..... We think..." "You think?" "It's hard to gauge willingness when the patient is etherized upon the table." "Uh-huh. But he's okay now?" "Well after we moved to clinical trials, we still had a few bugs to work out. By the time our drug was marketable, our volunteer had donated his other leg as well." "Oh my..." the host mumbles, imagining the horror of the situation, "He sacrificed so much that we could rid the planet of one of the most infamous diseases. I'd like to shake this man's hand." The audience cheers in agreement. Even the band leader is tearing up. "We also had to use his arms..." the doctor added. The studio is silent as the mood is brought down further than ever. The host tries his hardest to regain his composure. "So this man," the host started, "Is now a paraplegic for the rest of his life, so that your labs could develop a cure?" "That is correct," said the smiling doctor, "And I'm happy to say he no longer has AIDS!"