I felt a stabbing pain in my wrist and gasped. Not just because of the sudden pain, but what it meant. My friend turned and looked at me, eyebrows raised. The teacher up front stopped her teaching to stare at me icily, as well. "No, I have a tattoo. A new one." I explained before I could stop myself. Some of my classmates sniggered while others just shook their head, displeased. "Death Tat, Mr. Glenn?" the teacher asked, unconvinced. I unveiled my hand, still red from the surreal tattoo. The teacher's eyes widened, and then every student was leaning over to look at the tattoo. "Whoa! Did you actually kill someone, dude?" "That's got ta be fake, right? I mean, you have been in lessons all day! Did you kill the janitor when you went to the bathroom or something?" "Dude, that's sick!" "Oh God, do you know who's it is?" the students were all talking over each other as the teacher stood, thinking hard. Unsure what to do. I turned to look my friend, who had been awfully quiet. "Hey, what's wrong? You don't think I've actually killed someone, right?" I asked, panicking. James was the only friend I had. I needed him by my side. "What, no. No. Uh, tell you later." he replied, frowning slightly. "You can tell him tomorrow. He's packing up and going to the principals office." The teacher told me, eyeing me wearily. I put my things in my rucksack, and got up to leave. "Straight to the Principal's office. And tell him what just happened." my teacher said. "You believe me, right? I didn't do this." "Tattoos only appear when someone dies because of you. That's a fact." "But I've been here all day!" "Maybe you planted a bomb? Maybe you locked someone in a room without food and water and they had just died. Or maybe you are innocent, and this is just some fluke. On any case, straight to the Principal you go. You know what, I'll come with." We left. The class was silent as we walked out. And then a patter of footsteps. I turned around, and saw James catch up. "Go back to class, Mr. Holden. I won't say again." My teacher warned, annoyed. He took of his shoe and pulled down his sock, so we can see his Tat. And I gasped. I looked at the one on my wrist. It was the exact same one. "I'm not dead! And he didn't kill me!" James protested.