"God, would you just stop with your incessant moaning." Harvey Bretton didn't say as he made love to some anonymous young hooker. I mean, it just seemed so forced. It's like she thought he wouldn't notice that sort of thing. He couldn't really blame her, it was her profession after all, and she had to do things to make her clients feel good about themselves. It offended him regardless. Harvey didn't need anyone to do that. He had it all; the money, the power, the women. It occurred to him that the thought he had earlier could also correlate well with his wife, although, in a totally different way. His wife was hot, sure, but she could be such a nag at times. This was the reason he would go out and have these escapades. Harvey didn't really care if his wife found out. In fact, it would be better if she did. Then, she would know that competition was out there. Maybe she would be less of a bitch then. Harvey finished a little distractedly, the result of which would be little to no tip for his escort. You knew a girl was worthless if your mind wondered while doing it. He got up from the bed. "That was greeeeaaat." the hooker said, again with feigned enthusiasm. "How about you cut that crap," Harvey sneered. "Wh- what? What do you mean?" She had a pitiful look on her face, as if she had been caught steeling from a cookie jar. "All that fake moaning shit. Do I look dumb to you? I'otta not pay you at all!" The hooker reeled back as if hit by a right hook. "I ain't fakin. Came the weak reply. Harvey let out a snort, "That might work on some of your other clients. But you don't have me fooled." Harvey lit up a cigar, second-hand smoke be damned. If he had been a feudal king, he'd execute this bitch for trying to play a fool out of him. Harvey did, in fact, think of himself as a king. Except in a different sort of way. He had power, but not absolute power. And using his power to make this hooker disappear wasn't really worth the trouble, but he did think about it briefly. Harvey threw a bundle of cash on the bed. "Take this and get the hell out of here." "No tip?" The girl said, a little teary eyed. "What the fuck did I say?!" Harvey said almost shouting. The hooker got her things and left in a hurry, not wanting to be caught in arms reach of an angry client. The door closed behind her, and Harvey was glad. She was probably somewhat new to this sort of trade. She didn't know when to shut up. Another women that doesn't know her place, just like his wife. Maybe he would try fixing that..... Regardless, he would have to probably extend his "business" trip, just so he could hire some other escort service to hook him up again. He had to wash out the terrible taste he got from this most recent one. Its not like money was an issue, he did own a pharmaceutical company after all. It didn't bother Harvey in the slightest that the people who were ill paid for his out-of-town adventures. As long as people still got sick, he would be in business, and that suited Harvey just fine.