Imagine, if you will, someone sitting in quiet reflection of the night sky. These are their thoughts. If you'd like an accompanying soundtrack, I'd suggest the following: https: v9Xiog8BXTH0 I used to look up at night, basking in starlight hundreds of billions of years old, and wonder what conceivable purpose I could have in such a vast and complicated universe. The weight of a single human life, no matter how precious or powerful to us, could never amount to more than a single drop against the immutable flow of the universe. Entire species living out their brief and shallow existences in complete ignorance of the magnitude of the system which allowed them to be. And all the while, as galaxies churn and congeal in complete and utter ignorance of us, we all share an undeniable connection. One that transcends all phenomena in the universe, from the smallest subatomic particles to the most immense galactic superclusters. We are all the same. We are of the same dust and energy, and we are all echoes of the same grand symphony that birthed our universe. The strings that tie us together vibrate at the same frequency. And when all these strings are played together, plucked by the hand of God, we can hear the music. When life becomes aware that it is simply a resonance; a continuation of the physical universe around it, then it knows its purpose. The meaning of life is hope. It is to strive to live; plain and simple. To experience the world and the universe around us and press on in spite of our inevitable end. Because regardless of what you believe that all things are predestined, or that life is granted the gift of free will the truth is, there is something in the universe that is intangible. Something that allows the universe itself to break its own rules; to test and push the boundaries of the system that created it. And that intangibility is hope. We are the hope of the universe. A universe in which life and death are inextricably linked. Just as we desperately hold onto the possibility of escaping our own mortality, so too does the universe share this desperation. Life is the hope of the universe in that it exists in order to allow the universe itself the chance to continue despite its inevitable end. We will carry the dust and energy of our universe into the farthest reaches of space, and will forever push to transcend the limitations of our own physicality. We will continue to explore and to reach for the unknown until it, or we, no longer exist. Without something to reach for, life would simply lay down and die. And so we strive. Life will be the last echo of the last note of the symphony of our universe. And from that echo, we will write the beginning of a new symphony; greater than the one that reverberated our existence. It will come define a new universe in which new life will strive to expand and explore; to struggle and to strive. This new life will be symbolic of the success of life itself. It will be born of hope. We will be the composers of an idea so potent that it outlived its own universe and birthed another. And the first note of our symphony will resonate through all space and time as the legacy of existence itself. And it shall be called, "Hope."