The dust was everywhere. It hung lazily in the beams of sun which penetrated the decaying concrete building. It coated the ground, gently crunching beneath boot when trod upon. It penetrated every available crevice and orifice. It was even a liability in how it could creep up one's nose threatening to elicit a sneeze. Something so typically benign could be death here. The uniformity of the dusts dispersion was quite impressive if it wasn't so sad. The city was once teeming with life. It was a bustling center of commerce. Of life. Of love. All of the best aspects of humanity had the fertile soil here to flourish and take root. Those days were gone now. The less hearty structures now lay in heaps along the sides of the roads. Their massive bulk, once fallen to the ground, was brushed aside so as to not be a hindrance. Now only the most stalwart buildings stood, if you could call it that. Arnand found himself crouched in the doorway, his binocular's lenses annoyingly occluded by the omnipresent dust. He quickly untucked his shirt to wipe the lens clean when something caught his eye. Scrambling to replace the binoculars, he focused them down the street through the crack in the wall which hid his lookout. There was movement. Two figures were peeking around a building's edge on the next street corner. They didn't seem to be wearing the fatigues which were typical of the enemy but it wouldn't be the first time they donned civilian clothes to try to lure him out. The lookout let the binoculars hang on the string around his neck, as he pulled out his phone. " Two Spotted. Unknown affiliation. Alberston Street Corner W, " was all that he texted but it got the point across. After tucking the phone back into his pocket, he turned his attention back down the street. The individuals seem to have come out from cover and were setting something up. With the aid of the binoculars he made out what appeared to be a large video camera. " Journalists perhaps?, " he thought to himself. What was weird though was that they appeared to be pointing the camera directly at his location. Arnand quickly scanned the area immediately around him to make sure nothing was sticking out. He shouldn't have been detectable in his current location. They had used it dozens of times for this purpose. As he put the lenses back to his face, he saw the blinking red light at the top of the journalists'camera. " Its recording? " Just as the words formed in his head the wall his left shoulder was leaning against exploded inward knocking him clean off his feet. The disturbance caused a storm of dust to kick up. Sunlight flooded into the room through the gaping hole and backlit a hulking figure. It picked its way over what remained of the wall and grabbed a stunned Arnand by the leg. Just as the lookout started to scramble away from the intruder, like a ragdoll he was thrown through the hole in the wall and out into the street. Now in the stark daylight of the noonday sun, Arnand clearly saw his assailant pick his way back out of the building. Covered from head to toe in a black matte material, the form walking toward him was clearly human but somehow more imposing. Not one inch of flesh was visible on the creature. The mask that covered the head gave it a slight alien impression but the very clear human skull artfully depicted grinning at him let him know what lay beneath. Arnand scrambled back from the giant and skittered further into the middle of the street. He looked to the corner where the journalists stood, hoping that their humanity would force them to intervene on his behalf, but all he saw was the blinking red light. The camera blinked indifferently at him taking the whole ordeal in. " Who are these monsters? " He changed his attention to down the street, hoping that perhaps his compatriots pre-emptively sent help based on his communique. What he found caused him to stop his scuttle. They were everywhere. Numerous black clad demons emerged from the structures which lined the street. They burrowed through new holes in the sides of concrete structures, no doubt crafted by their own powerful hands. They jumped off three story buildings, landing on the street mid-stride as if they merely walked off a curb. He even saw one or two of them land in the middle of the street, apparently free falling from the heavens. They all walked causally pursuing their prey. At the feet of each of these creatures was one or more of his comrades. None were faring any better than him. They all looked like sheep being corralled to the slaughter. He wasn't wrong. A message needed to be sent and it was to be televised on every television on the planet. The game had changed.