We hadn't been able to communicate our findings so far with the main base due to a blizzard jamming our communications. In the meantime, we explored the shipwrecked craft. It was a submarine: old, WW2 era. Swastika on the side. After three days, the hatch finally budged. We climbed in with our flashlights to look around. Something was immediately wrong: the walls were lined with control consoles - with LCD screens. There is one screen still on, on low brightness setting. One of the team was German, and translated it for us. "WARNING: FUSION REACTOR OFFLINE. AUXILIARY POWER ENGAGED. PULL L4 RELEASE SWITCH TO ACTIVATE MAIN POWER." This is insane. There was a circuit breaker on the wall next to the screen marked'L4'. After some consideration, we pull the switch. The lights flick on quickly. LEDs. I thought. Not very 1940s. A loud hiss of pressure, and a cloud of water vapour draw our attention to the back of the submarine. We hadn't seen it before due to the darkness. What seemed to be a glass freezer was opening, with the silhouette of a man visible through the frosty panes. The door swung open, and the man stepped out, wearing a damp brown uniform. He had dark messy hair, and a very distinctive mustache. "Oh my God..." I said. "What year is it?" He asked, in a heavy Austrian accent. We stared in silence. He looked at his watch, which was digital. "My my, I've been asleep for some time." We still couldn't manage a single word. "Thank you for waking me. I have failed to eliminate the Jewish menace from this planet. I'm sorry. But I will return some day to finish what I started. I must return home now, but I promise I will be back within this century. Thanks to you, I will be able to save your planet. Now if you'll excuse me, I need to activate the warp drive. You will need to exit the craft, the radiation is dangerous to your species." We were too shocked to do anything but climb the ladder out of the submarine. As we step away from the submarine, it inexplicably rises into the air, making a high pitched whining sound. It accelerates diagonally into the East, ascending as it goes. "No one is going to believe this."