The landscape slowly became more familiar to me as we drew closer, we had been hiking for what felt like hours to get to the clearing. I thought back to my first time being guided and the trepidation I felt; I had only known this girl for a brief period of time and frankly I wasn't sure how she convinced me to come with her all the way out into the middle of nowhere, just the two of us. This time, however, I had practically begged her to bring me back, to experience the magic again. I definitely recognized where we were now, the brush had thinned out and the trees were larger, farther apart, and generally more healthy. I felt my heart beat faster in my chest, knowing the clearing was close by, and my guide confirmed this by looking back to me with a wide grin on her face as we both nearly broke into a run. I felt like I almost had my bearings here, but it was still a struggle to keep up with her and not trip or sprain my ankle on the odd exposed root. I didn't have to worry about that for long, though, as I could clearly see ahead the trees give way to a large patch of grass, broken only by a single fallen tree almost perfectly bisecting the near circular clearing. We both came to a stop and caught our breath sitting on the fallen tree, taking a moment to drink in the beauty around us; the sky was a brilliant blue, shining through the hole in the canopy above us, and the air was full of birdsong. Even in the time when I hadn't believed in magic I couldn't deny feeling a sense of other worldliness in spaces like this. She had explained it all to me my last time here, how some people were gifted with powers beyond imagination, how she sensed that power in me, and how it was stifled by our modern day technology. She told me that she used to live near these woods as a child and how she would explore them, her mind brimming with stories of adventure and magic, and how one day while playing around in this same clearing she discovered her powers for the first time. She turned to me now, her eyes filled with excitement and anticipation. "Ready?" Her voice was just above a whisper, as if not wanting to disturb the nature around us. I nodded my assent and she jumped to her feet and turned to face me, putting out her hand. I knew what she was doing but could not help feeling amazed as heat gathered just above her palm before slowly sparking into a small fireball. Though it burned bright and hot, she didn't flinch in pain, and instead ran the fingers of her other hand through the fire playfully, watching the orb shift around them. She took a few steps back into the clearing and began to toss the ball into the air and catch it, before she suddenly tossed it to me. I raised my hand to stop it and watched as it slowed down, stopping inches in front of my palm. I pulled it closer to me and held it between both my hands, enjoying the surprisingly subtle warmth, looking back at my friend to see that she had conjured more orbs and had them all in a ring in front of her, framing her in a slowly spinning circle of fire. I watched in amazement as she changed their color from orange to red, from red to purple, and from purple to blue before bringing them all together to form one large, condensed blue ball of light, which she then raised far above her head, before it suddenly burst into thousands of little droplets, falling slowly all around us. "Rain? I thought you could only do fire!" I rose off the tree and stood, letting the drops softly fall on my body. After the long hike here, it was a refreshing treat. "I've been practicing," she declared with a hint of pride. "It's taken me months to get this far, I'm glad you like it!" We stood there quietly as the last drops fell to the earth, and I watched as she started to sway a little, her work starting to take a toll already. She reached into her bag and took out a plastic bottle filled with blue liquid and took a drink from it before tossing it to me. As I caught it, I noticed she had put her own label on it. " 'Mana Potion? I read aloud. "Is this safe to drink, what's in it?" "Relax, it's only Gatorade," She said with a laugh. "I think I want to try making it rain again, I could probably make the drops bigger this time!" She raised her arms above her head and a small blue ball began to form, growing larger by the second. When it had finally reached the size of a beach ball she raised it higher in the air, when suddenly it was whisked away to the edge of the clearing. We both turned in shock to see a man standing there in outlandish garb, looking like he made it himself after years of living in the woods, holding the ball just above his hand. He looked at it intently before suddenly making a fist, causing the orb to suddenly shrink in size and disappear within the span of a second. He then turned his gaze to the two of us, his face stern and solid, eyes passing between us with an unimpressed glare. Just as it crossed my mind to make a run for it he began to speak.