A vote for Google is a vote against social ranking work status The banner blinked up and held a quarter majority of my eyesight for seventeen seconds. Every damn hour. I was sure a net corporation would win in a landslide if they promised to abolish ocular banner ads, but that would never happen, not with the kind of advertising revenue they were getting. Social ranking work status was Facebooks new system to streamline our social Facebook rankings with our LinkedIn work rankings, creating'one easy to understand desirability ranking.' It was a hotly debated topic, some employers argued that it could confuse their ability to hire people for specific fields, but most consumers saw it as a way to more actively manage their work status through social interactions. The merging of the two companies would be historic, and would swing the balance of power away from Google and Microsoft for the first time in a decade. Twitter and Facebook gurus lobbied heavily for the motion. They already made money hand over fist training others to raise their social ranking, and with peoples jobs on the line they could raise their rates to even more ridiculous heights. A bad social rank could already ruin someone's life, and the worklife separation was the last things stopping the less fortunate from needing to spend half their pay check managing their social interactions. I pulled my chair over to my desk and switched on the ancient computer tower, waiting for it to boot up to life. These archaic machines were so noisy, all whirring fans and buzzing hard drives. Our cyber integrated cloud implants really were a huge improvement. I dragged the mouse of the computer over an icon on the desktop and double clicked. The DOS console flicked across my screen and the servers behind me sparked to life, endless corridors of lights flickering on in rows through the underground complex. I arched my fingers, the knuckles popping satisfactorily, and typed copied and pasted the long line of code I had written to initiate my program. This was it, I'd ran all of my virtual tests and local tests, it was do or die. I raised my hand over the keyboard and hovered with a finger lightly touching the enter key. Then with a breath out I pressed down firmly. For a long moment nothing happened and I waited with bated breath for success or failure. Then just when I had given up hope my hud vision went dark. I raised my hand up in triumph, I had done it! Here was my moment, and whether the message came through or not, I knew that I could get through to them. I counted down from ten, and right on track the message shone through, right across the centre. Vote for Net neutrality vote for anonymity vote for life without ads without rankings without corporate interference vote for your future Vote Commodore International (somewhat inspired by black mirror) Thanks for reading, check out my [ subreddit ] (https: ) for more stories by me, and feel free to suggest your own!