"What witchcraft is this?" Elder Garit demanded, his fists pounding on the wooden table. "I found it! Just north of the river's mouth by the caves in the valley." Drake said, his voice trembling like the wind. "What do you make of this Daker?" The elder grunted as a man prodded the flashlight with his shepherd's staff. "Son, did you go to visit the Wizard?" Daker asked. "No! I swear! I've never even been in the mountains!" "The mountains? Who told you where the wizard lives?" . . The cool breeze of the caverns wafted over Jon's face in the darkness. One of the transistors to the hydroelectric dam blew out the other week, and he had finally managed to get it working again with some help from the acolytes. Many had come from far and wide to learn Jon's secrets and study under his tutelage and wisdom. The minstrels sang of Jon's magic and might. Kings would bow before him for secrets to victory in battle or to foresee the future. The years had come and gone, and many of his disciples had gone on to found their own schools and spread the truth of Science, but once in a blue moon word would come to Jon of the death of one of his beloved students. Hanged, crucified, burned at the stake. "Master Jonathon! The dam is ready!" Jon made his way to the turbine, "Are the fuses ready this time?" Daliya bowed her head, "Yes master, I promise!" He smiled, the girl had been here for no more than a year, yet her ability surpassed some of the most disciplined of his students. Within months she had developed a generator all on her own. Then she had devised solar panels of the most ingenious kind. "Come here, child." Jon said, waving over Daliya to him. "Yes, master?" He pointed to the lever, and she gasped in disbelief, "Surely, you don't mean "Yes, Daliya, you've earned it." The girl made her way to the great silver lever jutting from the wall. She glanced at Jon, and he nodded. Daliya pulled with both her fragile arms as the mountain came to life. The lights shuttered back on as the cheers from the acolytes drowned out the roar of the engines. Daliya beamed at him, "I'm honored master." He brushed it aside, "Pay it no mind, Daliya, these lights are not half as brilliant as you. Say, whatever happened to that boy you like?" "Oh. He went back home. He promised he wouldn't tell anyone about us." "Good, good." Jon yawned as he stretched out his aching back, "Say, you didn't give the boy anything, did you?" "Uh..." "Oh dear." A look of worry grew on Jon's face, "What was it, Daliya?" "It wasn't much! It was just a "You know the rule!" She dropped her head, unable to look her master in the eye, "I'm sorry Master Jonathon." . . Daliya was sitting in a clearing when Drake spotted her. "It was just a flashlight..." She was poking the dirt aimlessly, "I thought maybe he'd like me..." Daliya sighed. She pulled out the scarf he had given her when he had first found her lost in the snow that winter. "It's all your fault!" Daliya cried as she pulled out a lighter and set flame to the cloth. "FIRE! THE WITCH HAS SUMMONED FIRE!"