My name is Phil. I died two years ago. Let's avoid all the boring stuff of what it's like being a ghost and go straight to the fun stuff. It's been two years since I've been on Reddit and I really have quite a lot to share with all of you. I slowly realized through means of sheer curiosity that I can manipulate just about everything, from your TV to your mother. I once actually stopped a bullet going for a child caught in between a gang shoot out. I've done undoubtedly good things, and horrifically bad things. I took a syringe full of heroin from one strung out mother, just to give it to her daughter. I wanted her to suffer but in turn forgot about the daughters suffering. When you're disconnected this long from humans you really forget what humanity is. Recently I took it upon myself to find a new home, to find humans that would connect with me. I was tired of searching for answers and playing heroes and villains with the living. I watched Nora and Micky for the past three months. Memorizing their routines, seeing how faithful they were, what habits do they have. I decided that they were my best bet for human companions. I put a lot of thought into this, I didn't want either of them to think the other was crazy or to for them to think they both were crazy. I had a plan. "Love, who is this?" Oh, I was so excited! Nora almost saw it first, but I really needed Micky to find the picture of me first. I feel kind of bad though, had to print it off their computer and used some of their ink. "No babe, maybe it's one of your mates fucking with you?" Now Nora did have a bit of a lip, nothing sassy or anything. But she did curse so. Personally I didn't care for it, but she really did make up for it in her caring personality. Oh and hey, did I mention these lovable goons had a ouija board? That just makes it ten times easier to communicate with them. I put the picture at the end of their first floor apartment towards the patio, so when Nora had to look up from across the room she was in full view of the rudimentary device. I started moving the planchette frantically to get her attention, it was working. They both have used it so much the only thing that really scared them was the fact it was moving on their own, they were so curious about me. Over the course of a few hours I shared with them my name, who I am, how I died, and finally, why I was there. I of course wanted to live with them, interact with them. I finally talked Micky into letting me possess him after a week to further articulate my words without have to move a stupid piece of wood around. He didn't remember any of it and it didn't seem to affect his health. Oh and the only thing that scared Nora was the fact Micky had a perfect Midwest-American accent. This sealed the deal, except a few things: I have to help out around the apartment, not make much noise when they were out and about, and I must keep a journal of everything I do. I think when I was brutally honest about everything I've done as a ghost it kind of scared them, but they seemed trusting enough. Now, let's skip them talking, it's a little too hard to remember because I'm still way too happy about being able to get back on Reddit, I haven't even checked to see if the Button is still going on. But alas, let's get down to business. I am the only ghost I know of, AMA.