The sun started dipping behind the horizon, yet Micco's shopping villa was filled with the hoots and cries of Barterers. The place was bustling, with children, adults, and animals alike. I had got most of what I needed and was one item short of leaving. That's when I spotted him. An old man looking bad with a mean shovel in his hand. He waved the piece of equipment around menacingly, and unfortunately for me, there were plenty of others interested in the item. I hitched my rope up onto one shoulder and the black sack between elbow and hip. "Aye, old man John, I'm after your shovel," I said. Not that he gave a rats ass. It's just good practice to state what your after, let's the people know who's bartering and who's part of the crowd. "Right lads," the old man said to the group of us. There were four of us after the item and a crowd of around seven watching. "You each state why you need my shovel here, and I'll be judgin on who needs it most. One at a time, yeah." The group gave him an'aye' altogether, and we let the lad on the right start first, as was custom. "Your lord, I need that shovel so I can plant some vegetables in my yard." The old man scoffed. "I ain't no lord son. I'd shove this shovel up my arse sooner than that. I hear your offer and consider it." He nodded at the next. "Aye, old man, I need that shovel so I can bury my old man's goat. Poor animal passed on." The group muttered their sympathies. As each person had their turn the old man seemed to grow deeper in thought, unsure of who to give it the item to. When I had my turn, I half wanted to lie but figured it was better to tell the truth. "Aye old man, I thank you for allowing us this opportunity. I'm going to be honest with you, I need that there shovel to keep my own sanity." "Sanity?" The old man perked up. I nodded gravely. "I've got this here rope and this here sack. All I need is a shovel to complete the job. It's life or death." "Lad, you gon na tell me what the job is or not?" I sighed. I had to be honest with the fella, as hard as it was gon na be. Better to spit the truth out now than pay for it later. "Honestly, each night I go to bed my wife keeps me up complaining about how hard our bed is. If she doesn't let up I'm gon na lose my mind. I need my sleep." "Lad, how's that got anything to do with my shovel?" "Well, here's my plan. I'm gon na clobber her with the shovel, put her in this right here sack, throw her out back and let her sleep amongst the soft soil." "And then dig her back out the next day?" The old man asked. "Dig her back up? No, sir. That would be a grave mistake."