This is the last message of Yxyatra. Forward to all spacecraft and Central upon receiving. Orders: Do no approach estimated location of this message broadcast without highest level of caution. Details below. Iwe have encountered more intelligent life. The procedures were followed: release of Scent and universal photosynthetic scout modules. Ithey were lost within hours of setting down on the surface. Unusual characteristics: Multitude of life on planet. Iwe have recorded more than fifty seven different life forms. They share a similar micro-structure, so Iwe assume they are not alien to the planet. Alarming to note an alarming amount of life on this planet are not of the photosynthetic trait that We have encountered before. Miscalculation: The scout modules seem to have been destroyed by environmental effects, which is not uncommon for some surfaces. Observation after landing shows that the dominant sentient species had in fact destroyed the modules after detecting the Scent and tracking the released modules. The other sentient specie made no attempt to intervene on our behalf. The dominant species are aggressive. They are small and they seem independent of the need to gather sunlight before performing an action. In fact they have artificial coverings that they place upon themselves that prevent light from reaching their bodies. Iwe have no experience with such a life form and refrain from further speculation. Final Result: Iwe have lost power function after being transported against myour will to an underground location. The environment here is highly toxic due to concentrated micro-life forms either designed or by nature predisposed to break down tissue. Within hours the surface of myour ship has been reduced to baser elements. The sentients seemed to notice this and the room was soon purged of the micro-life forms. The sentient beings themselves also seemed to carry a multitude of damaging micro-life forms, as they proceeded to encase themselves before entering the room again. It is also possible that something Iwe contain is also harmful to them, but Iwe have not observed any direct evidence to support this. After many days deprived of sunlight, myour engines are shutting down, a brief summary of the complete memories of the encounter is being compiled in preparation for possible failure. The sentient creatures are preparing non-living tools they have fashioned, most likely to destroy meus in a way that will allow them to study the remains. They are cutting into-