"No, no, you don't understand, we're not gods!" Commander Jim paced exasperatedly, the three green aliens still bowed with their heads on the floor. It was the sixth he said the same sentence, but the aliens still did not move. "Why don't we try moving them?" Captain Sally said jokingly, as she observed from the corner of the room, right next to the observation panel that displayed the aliens' ship. "If the almighty decides to move us, we will gladly obey," the three aliens responded in unison. Jim shot Sally an annoyed glare, which was returned with a shrug. The team had prepared for months to the possible scenarios the first meeting with the alien delegation would turn out, but being mistaken for gods was clearly not one of them. "Look you don't understand," Jim tried to explain again, motioning to Dr Alex who was stood not far from him for help. Dr Alex, unlike Commander Jim and Captain Sally, was the only civilian in the welcoming committee. She was also a scientist that specialized in extraterrestrial studies. She stepped in front of Jim, her index finger pushing her glasses up, her eyes staring intently at the three aliens. "Enlighten us," she said. "Why or how did we become your gods?" Behind her, Jim rolled his eyes. All he wanted was the deescalate the situation, not further cement the misconception that homo sapiens were some sort of deity species. The middle alien raised its head up, its round black eyes glimmered under the fluorescent lighting. "For the longest time we have observed your species, and we have come to the conclusion that no other species can do what you can without being gods." Dr Alex pushed her glasses further up. "Explain." The alien nodded, and continued. "Humans, you all like war. You all thrive on war. But despite all the destruction that you're capable of, you're also capable of unity." Sally let off a scoff from her corner, still finding the entire exchange hilarious. "When the BothLargs attacked your planet, we were certain that your race would be doomed." "Yes, the First Sol War," Commander Jim interjected. "You are right. The BothLargs were ruthless and violent, not to mention cunning. They were the conquerors of worlds, harbingers of terror. To many species around the galaxy, some no longer here due to actions of the BothLargs, they were revered as gods of destruction and death. But some how "Humanity defeated them," Dr Alex finished their sentence. She exchanged glances with Commander Jim, who understood. He motioned to Sally, and the three of them headed out of the room, away from the ears of the aliens. They needed to share the findings with the rest of the council. The three aliens remained silently in the room, watched by two other security officers. Inside their mind, however, they were already conversing, oblivious to the guards and the observation device fitted in the room. "Do you think they bought our story?" the youngest of the three asked, telepathically. The middle alien merely smiled. "I hope they did. Humans will need to pay for the murder of our gods." Edit: Extended the story, sorry for the delay rdoritales