"I don't like it, this things to hot to keep here" Kyle jittered. "It's been almost an hour, we got ta go an "Calm down," assured Raul, starring at the TV. "He's got till 1 to show. Do you know how much we get if we bail? Nothing. I prefer him showing up late and getting paid." Kyle hunched his shoulders together, making his already thin body smaller than seemed possible. I had to suppress a chuckle. If Kyle got any more wound up his head might pop off. Still, he had a point, being nervous. But it wasn't the client being late that had me nervous. Everything had gone according to plan. Better actually. We were all in and out like ghost: no witnesses, no complications, and no trace. It was a perfect heist. And perfect bothers me. I'm not one of those pretentious "perfect doesn't exist" types, but I've never been part of anything that's gone this well. My marriage wasn't perfect. Hell, I blew that one bad. Sure as hell a shitty father. My little girl won't even talk to me on the phone anymore. Now I can't even get a real job. But this job will fix that. After tonight, I get back on my feet. After tonight, I can afford three hots and a cot again. Maybe I'm just being paranoid. A lot depends on this job going well and I'm just stressing out. Could have sworn my hair was falling out again. Hasn't done that since the divorce. It's probably nothing. "Goddamit Kyle would you stop fidgeting!" Raul hissed "It's making me all sorts of uncomfortable." "Can't help it" Kyle protested. A smile grew on his face until it reached his eyes. "I can't stop thinking about what I'm gon na do with my cut." He let the silence linger for a moment, hoping it would allow his partners to arrive at the same euphoric realization. "A quarter mill, each," adding emphasis on the last word. "We don' got our money yet," Raul stated with thinly veiled irritation. Raul wouldn't have even bought Kyle with them if he could, but no one could break through firewalls as quick as Kyle. More importantly Kyle was even better at not leaving any digital fingerprints behind. When it came to doing tech quick and clean, Kyle was the best, as long as he didn't have a panic attack. But despite the odds, Kyle kept it together two-hundred and fifty grand had that effect on people. "No need to shit on my parade Raul. Speaking of which." Kyle leapt to his fit with a graceless jolt as he headed off to the restroom. Rauled scowled at his back. "Just make it quick." A period of silence lingered. Normally that would bother me, but Raul was a guy who you hang out with in silence and not feel the impulse to start small talk just to break the silence. It was comfortable, professional even. Which caused his breaking the silence to catch me by surprise. "What are you gon na spend it on. You're cut I mean." I'm going to build the life of a man my daughter can be proud of. I shrugged, "Probably move to nicer apartment to start with. Maybe start using my powers for good instead of evil." Raul smirked. He never laughed. "Yeah, you'll start shitting rainbows and sunshine will come out you're ass." He studied his feet for a moment, then looked up at me. "You were never really meant for this life," he stated. He wasn't being rude or condescending. Just stating a fact. I didn't fit in. I saw something more with my life. I always believe on a way out. Kyle didn't care for one, Raul didn't have a choice. He made too many bad decisions with the wrong people. He stopped believing on a way out a long time ago. Before I could respond, the bathroom door shot open, and Kyle marched out clutching his gut. "You might not want to go in there. Smells like, well, shit." Kyle collapsed back into his chair, still clutching his gut. "That did not feel good." Before Raul could say whatever obscene thought was on his mind, the radio on his belt yelled up at him. "Yo, got that SUV pullin' in. I think that's our guy," said the cheery voice on the radio. "Got it Ben. Stay up there and keep an eye out," Raul stated with obvious relief on his voice. I glanced down at my phone to see it was 12:59. Nope, 1:00 now. "Got to hand it to this guy, hell of an entrance," I said with as much sarcasm I could muster. "It'll be even better if he comes with the mill' he owes us," Raul reminded. The job wasn't over, and Raul didn't let any of us forget it. Ever. The black SUV pulled into the warehouse, obviously, this guy watched way to many movies. But if his money was good, I guess I could let it slide. Still, I guess I should give him some slack. He's giving me a second chance with Julie, even though he doesn't know it. It may not work out, but this man is giving me what I need to gain my daughters respect again. And maybe someday, her love. A man with wearing an jet black suit stepped out of the driver's door. with his all black attire, he would have blended in entirely with the darkness behind him if his shoes didn't shine with the little light that existed. "You have my crate?" he asked, monotonously. "You got our money?" Raul responded, completely disinterest with everything else. "First I want to see the product, make sure it's still in the box." The coldness of his voice was matched only by the condescesion it carried with it. Raul and I shared an uncomfortable glance. "You asked us to get the crate. It's still locked and sealed, you can see that easy enough," Raul explained, as though one professional to another. "I don't give a damn what's in it, but I did a job, and now I get paid." Even though there was only thirty feet between the client and Raul, it seemed to grow farther than that. This has to go down right, it has to. A few moments existed before the client responded. "Either you open the chest, and show me whats inside, or I walk away, and you get to keep your bounty." A thin smile formed on his face, "But how long do you think it will take for the cops to track down government property?" Glancing over at Raul, I immediately saw Raul calculating whether it was worth dumping someplace if we weren't paid. But we had to get paid. I had to get paid. "Raul," I breathed. He snapped his head towards me. I showed weakness in a negotiation, and left us with little choice. He walked over to the wall and pick up a crowbar. I quickly rushed to get the lock open and was able to break through it with a pair of bolt cutters. Raul and Kyle walked over with the crowbars and started pulling up on the metal crate. I watched them eagerly, praying that what we found in the metal box was what our client was looking for. As the lid slowly started to lift, I started getting nauseous. Just nervousness, the next few seconds decided my future. "It's about to give" Kyle cheered. Over Kyle's shoulder, I saw a report of our heist, and it showed what we stole: experimental thorium. Despite the muted volume, I could see the reporters lips form a word, no, a sentence. Lethal. We were about to open a crate of radioactive material. WE'RE TRYING TO OPEN IT! "Wait!" I tried to warn, but my yell was drowned by the loud metallic pop of the lid breaking its seal. It was then that I felt it. Heat, worming through my flesh, holding every nerve entralled, unable to act on its own. I tried to warn my partners again, but instead of words, vomit came up. It came up again, and again, and again. It quickly changed from vomit to blood. Then to bits of flesh came up with the blood. I collapsed. Looking over at Raul and Kyle, I saw their faces blistered and burned. They got the full brunt of it, they got quick deaths. I envied them for a moment. "Excellent," the client said with his typical monotonous voice. He was wearing a Hazmat suit now. When did he get that on? Why wasn't I paying attention to him? "It's exactly what I wanted." I was breathing heavily, desperately trying to fill what was left of my lungs with air. Every attempt to yell or scream shot burning pain through my throat. "The client looked over his shoulder. More men were walking towards him from the SUV. "Wasn't there a fourth man, just outside about a block?" Under the visor, I could make out the cruel grin of one of the men who had just appeared. "He's taking a nap, I don't think he's gon na wake up though," the man with the cruel grin began to smile, as though impressed with his own wit. "Good, then seal this up and let's get out of here." In those final moments, I watched as the men who killed Ben, Kyle, and Raul, reseal the crate. Despair gripped me as my now blind eyes tried to cry. My wife was right: I would die on the streets. But Raul was right too. It wasn't where I belonged.