David tossed and turned, unable to quite fall asleep. The pressures of leading one of the worlds foremost teams responsible for developing the newest nanotech theory and application was something that he could not seem to come to terms with. Not with assholes like Williams to deal with every day. Arlan Williams was a powerful man. He controlled the purse strings. He owned the facilities. He held all the cards. Without him, research would come to a halt. With him present, it was unbearable. He was constantly interrupting, wanted to know the latest progress. Demanding the data be turned over to him immediately for his review. It was maddening to David and his team. On top of these pressures, there were other scientists across the world doing the same kind of work. Some of them always seemed to be just a step ahead. He was feeling less than effective these days. He slowly became aware of a ringing inside his head. Call coming in. The ringing became louder until it pushed all other thoughts aside. Interface. In his mind's eye he sensed blackness, then a very rudimentary green glow. It quickly coalesced into a small green dot in the upper right corner of his inner vision. It began to blink. A small icon in the form of an archaic telephone handset flashed in the lower left. He was always slightly amused that a piece of hardware made obsolete generations ago would still be the universal signal for an incoming call. No caller ID. Very odd. Either the caller ID was blocked, or the signal encrypted. "Hello," he answered groggily. "David?" the caller asked. "Yes..... this is David. Who is this?" "There is no time to explain. I have created a user account for you. You will find a hyperlink and passkey in the attached packet." "What the hell are you talking about?" David asked. "I have to go, just get here," the voice said. A short beep, then silence. The call had ended. David was fully awake now, and extremely intrigued. The voice sounded familiar. Very familiar. He focused on the attachment. It contained a web link in the form of an IP address and a passkey to access it. " Get here? Get where? " David mused aloud. He copied the IP address to his browser and almost instantly the page was before him. It was blank except for a dark blue background and a text input field waiting for the passkey. No clue to it's purpose was evident. David sighed. This could be anything. It could all be dismissed as a prank call, except the voice sounded so familiar! He paused and considered. That voice..... Something danced on the very edge of comprehension..... then was gone again. Damn it. He focused on the input field and entered the passkey.