I had once been the student of a wise and powerful Caster. He was killed for the locals believed that his power was not natural and that no one should have that power. He chose to not fight even though he could easily exterminate these pesky mortals. He wanted to improve the name for all casters. He used the last of his power to hide me, a preteen at the time, and finally to destroy his entire workshop so none of his possessions could fall into the wrong hands. He did a simple teleport spell to help me escape the mobs grasp. I then vowed that I would avenge my master, without hurting any humans as he would of wanted. I then went on in a fail of an attempt to give casters a good name. I tried everything I could think of. I turn rocks to gold for kings, I slayed ancient beasts that terrorized villages, I even saved a city from the plague. I was blamed for bringing the plague upon them and they tried to lynch me..... I tried everything I could think of that wouldn't hurt them, and no humans would join me in this for why would they? They cant force each other to listen without harmful force. All they do is drive sharp metal into each other..... Its been 6 years now and I've made no progress..... As I was walking along I saw a man who was knocking on deaths door. He was attacked by a bear and he was paralyzed. He had no way to live his life, and I had no way to heal him. I had just barely started my studies and knew only minor healing and cure spells..... So, as the man requested, I ended his life. I started to cry, I had done something that I pledged to never do. I killed a man.... I then thought to my studies. If I couldn't save him in life, I'll save him in death! So I casted this novice resurrection spell, hoping it would work. The man, now paler than before rose coming back to what seemed like life. He was terrorized at first, asking how he had been brought back to life. I explained what happened to him after I finally calmed him down. He asked if it was unholy, I explained that if there is a god..... He would not punish you in any way for you had no control, and you are still in judgement to do evil or good. He began to cry, I asked the man why, he had been saved. He said he can not return to his family, he was out hunting for them and now they will starve. I grabbed a nearby rock and used the last of my daily power to turn it to solid gold. I presented it to the man and told him I shall deliver it to them, and that you died so they may live and will not ever starve or live in poverty. He thanked me and asked how I can repay me. I almost said it was no big deal, then I thought to myself..... I have a companion to assist me in my quest. Learning the mans name to be Jeffery we continued on. I resurrected a few fallen people who had been dead longer..... This had a entirely different result. Since Jeffery had been dead for mere seconds his brain was intact and mostly functional. These people on the other hand..... Were competing in brain power with a toadstool. They ranged from practical zombies, to the classic Igor's. I then spent years building an army of the undead, I put the smartest to work directing the..... less intelligent. I built a castle in a remote area with my army, and had Jeffery the smartest of my army at my side. It was funny to watch at times, you've never seen slow progression until you see a undead try to teach a more..... undead something. It was the blind leading the super blind! It didnt work out too well..... After some time villagers discovered my undead base of..... Bunnies? I dont really know, it was just where my operations were taking place. They started attempts to destroy it, but non had been courage's enough for when you send a battalion of undead in their direction they run like babies. Well babies don't really run but you know what I mean! As soon as the mortals were out of sight and hearing distance my minions would laugh and would return to the castle to have fun. Its been 5 years since I met Jeffery, I've just turned 23 and now its time to get revenge against the mortals who killed my master..... I will conquer their lands, letting them live, "mostly" unharmed and I will teach them that they should not be in control for they are harmful to everything, including themselves. With just over One Million undead and growing by the thousands daily, its time to march..... (First story, and I made it as it came along. Reply with feedback and any grammar corrections or story improvements. Thanks!)