"What the hell was that?!" Adam screamed. "It sounded like a trumpet," I replied. "What kind of trumpet is that loud and what is it doing in rural Kansas?" he said as he headed for the front door. I jumped off the couch and followed. As I walked through the open door, I joined Adam in a frozen spell of confusion. The sky was blood red. What in God's name..... "Peter," Adam said calmly. "Ya?" "Run!" His panic broke my concentration and I noticed, just as Adam took off in a sprint, that 12 black horses, each taller than a full size truck, were sprinting toward us. Their eyes were glowing a fiery red that I had never seen before. We ran back in the house and slammed the door behind us. Between gasping breaths, Adam said "Oh my God. What's happening?" "I..I think maybe one of the farms down the road is missing some horses." "You're kidding right?" "I think I heard something on the news about the weather too. Something to do with pollution and global warming. It's fine. Let's just go back to watching TV." "Pete! Demon horses and blood skies are not just fine! What do we do? Should we go somewhere? Maybe the city is setting up a shelter at the high school. We should go now." "Or, we could go grab a couple burgers at The Shack. Geez, quit being such a bitch." "Pete, if you wan na act like some crazy ass shit isn't going on right now fine. But I'm leaving to go figure out whats happening out there." Adam ran out the door towards his truck. As he was reaching for the truck door, a gargoyle looking figure swooped down from the sky and slammed into his mid section. Adam went flying and landed with a crunch. I ran out to check on him. Adam was writhing in pain and gasping in quick shallow breaths. "Are you OK, Adam? Look, I think I've heard about stuff like this happening before. Somewhere in Russia. Its OK. Its really not that big of a deal. I mean, sometimes Condors are spotted in Kansas. And you kind of were taunting it the way you were running. And I think they hate red so your shirt didn't help. No, don't get up, I'll call an ambulance and report the loose horses. Maybe Farmer Johnson will know something." I pulled out my phone and dialed 911. "Yes, I would like to report a Condor attack."