You begin your life in parts, pieces, raw material. You have a plan, but you don't know it; you're being built from the inside out. You're in a shipyard, the womb that keeps you safe, a bastion where you are berthed. When you emerge, you are celebrated. The bright sun is new, as are the cool waves, the sea and it's gentle rocking, knocking on your hull. You are free to wander, to explore and experience. This continues for many years. Eventually, those gentle seas that rocked you to freedom suddenly toss you to suffering, forcing you to bend and warp and you are no longer a master of your destiny, you are at the mercy of your own design and nature herself. You begin to fall slowly at first: a piece fell off the starboard side, a few screws come loose on the deck. But those pieces become more and more, until you, in your entirety, are brought back to where you were born. You are no longer celebrated, nobody cheers for you as you pass by, a ghost in a shell. They stand, quiet and somber, trying to empathize with your pain and suffering. But they're not in the ocean. Their bodies aren't rocked and thrown and tested by the elements. They can not grasp the helplessness you feel when a wave crashes onto your deck and rocks your body and harasses your senses. It angers you, how helpless you are to the fates. So you glide into port. The men and women around you stand there you know what they're trying to do, and it does not have the intended effect. You look upon them and question, Why can't you make me better? Why can't you restore my hull, paint my deck, hoist my sails? You know your questions will not come with positive answers, so you keep them to yourself. You sit there, and as you are lifted out of the ocean..... the pain is gone. There is nothing there to tear you asunder. You're free again, and you feel peaceful. Piece by piece, you are slowly deconstructed. First the deck comes down. The hull. The mast and equipment. Finally, your innards, decayed and worn, are laid to rest. Your body goes back into the earth, to provide education for a new generation of ships, to provide homes for creatures of the sea, for the land. Those people that celebrated you at your beginning they're still celebrating you, welcoming you, to your new port.