Lucifer rubbed his temple as he sat in his favorite throne of bones and flesh. The idea of having a son was always such an interesting prospect for him, creating a successor for when he'd decide to give up the role of the great deceiver. Upon spawning his child, he decided to name them Mephisto, after one of the many human interpretations of himself. For so long the little hell spawn was the model son. He watched with a childish glee as his old man subjugated the sinners of Hell. Lucifer remembered with a spiteful fondness when Mephisto made his first mortal beg for forgiveness, they were awfully good memories. Now things were different. Mephisto would flat refuse to help in the torment, preferring more to work on his art. At first, this prospect intrigued Lucifer. The idea of using a visual medium to torment humans on a psychological could reap countless advancements in the field of subjugation. Alas, Lucifer was horrified to see one of his son's paintings be a landscape of rolling Earth countrysides. And that was just the beginning of this phase, Mephisto would find new ways to express these feelings, each new method driving more and more disappointment into the heart of Lucifer. Just recollecting the time Mephisto attempted to show him the marvels of the musical stylings of a Sarah Mclachlan on his guitar made him cringe. All of this disrespect came to a head when Lucifer returned to his chambers, to see the walls plastered in a sickeningly bright paint. His brooding greys, his visceral reds, all smothered by the vileness that was canary yellow. Unbridled rage flowed through Lucifer, as he barreled towards Mephisto's room. "What is the meaning of this? " he roared at his son as they tuned their guitar. "Why, I thought your room was far too drab father! A lovely yellow really brightens up the place, does it not?" "It is not your place to decide son! You have gone too far this time! " "I'm sure you'll grow to love the color scheme!" Mephisto piped, chuckling as he strummed his instrument. "What have I done to deserve such a failure of a son? I did everything I could to raise you to be a "I'm going to cut you off there Daddy" Mephisto said coldly. "You see, I think you've missed the whole point of this, and that's..... sad. You get onto me for giving up the way of tormenting, but wouldn't you say that you've been tormented by this?" "I Lucifer trailed off, thinking back on all of this. He had indeed been greatly upset by his son's actions. Had he truly tormented the tormentor? Put on a massive act just to see if he could cause anguish to his father? "Son, do you honestly enjoy this..... stuff? " "Hell no! " Mephisto roared, laughing alongside his father as the two began to see a whole new way to ruin the masses. Truly, a happy family indeed!