You were already used to doing some pretty strange demands. Hell, just yesterday you covered yourself in peanut butter. You can still feel some strange film on your skin from all those oils. Today wasn't much different, although it's not what you expected. The chat was going too fast for you to read entire messages, but you could see the bits and pieces and they were all pretty much the same. Almost every message contained the words "summon a demon" or "demon ritual." They were awfully persistant about it. You sighed and readjusted the webcam. "Alright, I've googled what looks to be some pretty'official' looking instructions for a demon ritual." You did air quotes for the word "official," because honestly, who believes in this crap? You tell the chat to give you a moment to set up he circle and you can see the incoming messages getting even faster somehow. You set a timer on the messages, though you apologise for the inconvenience, it's still true that it was getting to be annoying. Your circle was set up now. You followed the instructions as closely as you could, though there were some minor substitutes. "Says here I have to turn out the lights and light the candles. I hope the camera will pick this up right..." You flip the light switch, but realize that you can't see anything. You fumble to click on the lighter in your hand but manage to get it after a few tries. Each candle has been lit and you go to the computer to pull up the web page with the instructions again. You're pretty sure this little incantation is in Latin, but you have no idea how to read it. "It says some human blood is required. Also something about, like, bone and flesh? Anyway, I'm just gon na pick some dead skin from this blister and prick my finger or whatever? Also, uh, I've got a baby tooth." You promptly do as you just said and then begin (trying) to read the incantation. You finish. At first, nothing happens. You begin saying, "Welp. Guess it didn't work guys. Told ya this demon stuff was rub There's a sudden jolt. It feels like an earthquake is happening. There is an unexplained light in the room, suddenly so bright you can't see anything at all. The broadcast suddenly stops, and the chat, still on a sluggish timer, goes into its own, sluggish panic. Just as sudden as it began, everything stopped. You could hear your heart pounding in your ears as you tried to look around and access the situation. The candles had blown out and it was nothing but dark again. You were sure all your picture frames were askew on the walls now, but you couldn't see them. Some probably fell to the floor, too, but you didn't hear any of it in your panic. After composing your breathing, you make it over to the light switch and flip it back on. Sitting in the center of the circle now is some sort of creature. It resembled a goat, but had humanoid features. Though, it was more monstrous and grotesque. It sat criss-cross and somewhat hunched over. And it was..... smoking a pipe? You couldn't quite believe your own eyes. You even pinched yourself a few times, and assuredly, it was all real. The..... demon, you guessed, watched you carefully and as you stood there, your mouth agape, it spoke up, "Hey there lass. Did you need me for something or can I go now? Today's been kind of a rough day and I was going to visit my grandkids soon." Grandkids? Demons have grandkids? Your face was still twisted with confusion and disbelief. You were utterly speechless, so he spoke up again. "Listen, I can cut you a deal. If you bring me three of those greasy meat patty sandwiches, I can grant you anything you want." "Demons like..... burgers?" "Human food is somewhat of a luxury." He shrugged and raised a brow. "So do we have a deal?" "I, uh You were pretty dumbfounded. Put on the spot like that, you couldn't even think of anything you wanted badly enough to make a deal with a demon! The demon's face scrunched a little in what you could only guess was annoyance, "If ya don't want anything, that's fine, but I was looking forward to eating human food." "Oh." It's kind of all you could say. You stood there a while longer. You're not sure how much time passed of silence between you two. One moment you blinked, and suddenly the demon was gone. The broadcast went live again. You stood there for a little while before going to end the broadcast once more. You never answered the chat. You never streamed again. You wondered what kind of families demons might have. I'm on mobile I hope this looks decent....