I looked into the visor of the towering armored figure in front of me. The pure black uniform was in direct contrast to the spotlights shining in front of the city's main gate. "identification" his voiced muffled by the helmet fully encompassing his head. I held out my farmer pass card in a shaking hand, my steely resolve that I had espoused with all my friends back home had completely faded now that I had finally reached my destination, all the awesome things I had imagined would happen once I reached the city had quickly faded.My dreams of getting past the gates taking my rusty scratched up old rifle and storming into the city to find some kind of resistance and become a legendary freedom fighter had up and vanished, and the reality of being shot and thrown into a ditch like a sack of trash once they found my weapon. As I was trying to reassure myself I had noticed that the guard was staring at my license far longer than would be needed for a quick check or a scan, had I been found out? "Sir can I ask..." the guard lifted his hand into a fist as continued staring down at the card and slammed it down onto the spotlight next to him, causing it shudder and turn off. "Yeah sorry about that, the damn lights always make it so hard to see things even when you're facing away" the guard started nonchalantly, the gigantic menacing figure seemed more portly and the black uniform was pockmarked with holes. "I tried sending a request some of the higher ups, even offered to get my friend from repairs to get it down, thirty minutes flat, no charge to them since he owes me a favor..... but I can see I'm sidetracking, anyway we still have these lights and you can go on your way, mr..." he looked at my card "Dan Smith." I quickly took back my forged produce distribution card and waited for the next stages of search. This led to a moment of pause. "You can go on ahead now Mr Smith." He said motioning to the gate.I was not sure I understood what was going on, why was the search so light.Would there be more checkpoints in the city? I decide to ask. "Sir aren't you going to search me, check my truck for weapons, or just do some kind of scan?" The portly guard then took of his helmet, showing a chubby pale face and a large bushy brown mustache. "I don't see any reason to, you've got your card and your truck has what it says it does, besides my shift is over in ten minutes so I don't want to have to go through extensive search and do unpaid overtime." I looked ahead through the gate at the cameras hanging above the doors. "Won't you get in trouble with your bosses when they see what you've been doing?" The guard quickly followed my eyes to the cameras and a massive smile appeared on his face and a small chuckle followed." Oh don't worry about those, non of the surveillance equipment works anymore, almost none of the stuff we use works anymore, did you know that these old helmets used to have cameras and speakers in them?" He said holding up the chipped black head wear "yeah, used to be you didn't need to take them off to be understood by people, but hey it isn't that important now a days.Things are safe and no one actually goes through footage even if it did work so I don't have any thing to worry about, so go along inside and take the main road, it'll lead you straight to market" the guard said as he pointed on to the asphalt that lead straight from the dirt road.With the nonchalant attitude shown at the gate I was caught quite off guard and simply took the main road to market as I tried to make sense of what had just happened. Please give criticisms