"The ignorant Man is the Happy Man!" The neon Sign said at the Happiness Shop. The store clerk was a big man with a shaggy beard and long hair that was tied into a pony tail. He had a big smile on his face that never faded, never waned. He signed for the packages and commented that I looked a little down. He asked with that big grin if I wanted any "stuff" as he put it. I declined of course, workers of Happy Inc. are not allowed to try the products. That would be a breach of contract. He shrugs, takes out a personal syringe out of his pocket and picks up a packet of Happy Juice and goes to a backroom. God Damn junkies. I walk outside and head towards the van. It was nothing special, just a white van that I can store about twenty boxes of product. They are little buggers, and effective too. One little packet full of Juice can keep you going for 12 hours., but of course talking more allows for a greater effect. I hear soon Happy Inc. will be coming out with a new product that can be inhaled through powder instead of through injection. The higher ups told me I'll be able to deliver twice the amount. Good for the junkies, I guess. As I got into the van a man came up to me beaming ear to ear with a nice suit on. "Good morrow" he tells me an hands me a little green pamphlet and walks away. Inside was instruction on how to see Jesus Christ. On Sunday at exactly 10 AM take three times the amount of Juice and stare at a blank wall for three hours. I tossed it outside and drove off, I still had three deliveries to make and was going to be behind schedule if I stopped to look for Jesus on a blank wall. I drove off, surrounded by smirks on all sides of me. Per usual I came to a bend in the road that had a very steep drop off. I wanted to slam my foot down on the pedal, let go of the wheel and fly into the ravine. But, that would be a breach of contract so I drove around it as I normally do to the next Happiness Shop with all the smiling junkies. It was the same thing in the next town over, I drop off the products, I refuse to partake, I get a pamphlet this time to find inner peace using meditation and Juice. That was the last packet and It is time to drive back to the factory. I pass by the bend one last time and decide to have stop and stare out into the ravine. One day, I think, One day I'll do it contact be damned. The ravine was full of solid white vans. I can smell the decay of death and spoiled Juice. One day I'll join them but today I have an ill wife to look after in the hospital, and she will have to join me to. I get back in my van and I drove to the factory. Tonight I will go home eat a bland dinner and sleep on the couch. Tomorrow I will get up and give the junkies what they want. Happiness.