"This can't be happening. It was all suppose to be a joke." thought Billy has he raced through the halls. Billy was a mischievous freshmen at North Lake High. He wasn't the worst behaved student at his school but he wasn't an honor roll student either. He frequently skipped classes to hang out with his friends at various restaurants, movie theaters, and paintball fields around his town. Billy's grades suffered year round due to his apathy in school. As time passed, June rapidly approached along with his finals. His parents fed up by his impudent indifference offered him an ultimatum: to study his ass off and pull at least Cs in his class or be forced to move to his grandparents out in the countryside. Billy, filled with indignance, lashed out at his parents, saying their threat was completely unwarranted and unjustifiable. He argued that they probably did the same thing when they were his age. His parents simply shrugged off his anger and stated they were not going to change their minds. Billy knew he couldn't possibly study a year worth of material for 5 classes in mere weeks so he devised a plan. Thus, on the morning of his first final, Billy asked to be excused during his Algebra final and scurried off to the bathroom. He locked himself in stall and dialed 911. "Hello. I'm a student at North Lake High and wish to remain anonymous. I overheard a classmate of mine the other day conspiring to blow up the school. Please come right away and stop him before that happens." said Billy. Billy then hung up his phone and started snickering uncontrollably. Mere moments after he started snickering, a series of deafeningly loud noises erupted from all over the school. Screams and shouts were emitted soon followed by a stampeding of feet. Billy, agape and dumbfounded, opened the stall and pushed the door to the bathroom open. Pitch black smoke clung to the hallways, making sight nearly impossible. People shoved each other in a mad hurry to get out. Cries and shrieks echoed throughout the school. Suddenly, the floor started to tremor and shift. The entire school was collapsing and sinking into the pits of the earth. Billy cautiously made his way into the smoke with his arms outstretched in front of him. The tremor rapidly got worse and more violent. A figure pushed Billy aside in hisher hurry to get out. Billy fell to the ground but soon picked himself up and this time started a mad dash to safety. "I got to get the fuck out of here." thought Billy. "I swear if I ever make it out; I won't go to the arcades. I won't ditch classes. I'll get all A's and B's and never make my parents mad or sad again. I swear." Billy soon saw a door leading to the outside, a mere 20 feet in front of him. He made a final sprint to the door when suddenly a chunk of the ceiling collapsed on him. Ten minutes later The police gathered outside comforting those who made it out. Billy's parents, who came as soon as they heard the news, watched in gut wrenching suspense as they waited for the firefighters inside to find their son. A firefighter soon came out with Billy's phone and gave it to the parents. "I'm sorry but this was all that was left of him." Billy's mom burst into tears as her husband hugged and consoled her. The police chief came up to them and offered his condolences. "I'm sorry that Billy's gone; however, your son is a hero. He called us earlier today and warned us about this act of terrorism. If it wasn't for him, more people would have been hurt and killed." "This fucking blows. I can't believe I died." Billy said down in hell.