Standing on top of our world, we watch as the sun rises over the island. The soft rays bathe the distant hills in gold, as the breeze blows through the dancing grass. The trees shivers as flock of birds take flight. Spots of white clouds the orange-hued sky, as it slowly turns azure. Far in the distance, a silver tower, shrouded in mist, pierces the heavens above. The waves crash down on the sandy beaches, and the endless sea merges with the horizon. I take in the sights, the smells, the sounds. Feeling both pride and joy, I turn to face to you. The air is warm, but your hand is warmer. I hold it close to me, closer still. The sun is shining bright, but your smile is brighter. We're standing at the top of our world, the one we made together, and I can't tell you how happy this has made me. " It's almost time. " You say. " I know. " I reply. I rest my head on your shoulder, and take a long breath as I close my eyes. I'm at peace here. When I opened them again, I was in my bed, and a bittersweet feeling of both tranquility and sadness lingered in my mind. It was around 7 a.m., and I went about my daily routine, a smile etched on my face. I wrote what had happened in a dream journal I had started two years ago. After having read about lucid dreaming, and I wanted to try it. It took some time, but one day, I was able to control the outcome of my dreams. After a few weeks, something changed. There was something else, maybe someone else, with me. I couldn't control them, and they couldn't control me. I searched about it in books and online, but no one reported something similar. I wasn't afraid, though. Their presence was soothing. We rarely spoke, but when we did, it was always meaningful. Together, we started building a world, our dream island. It brought me joy, and above all, peace. This feeling of inner peace lived on with me during the day. The sun was racing across the sky as we strolled down the ruins of a castle. Holes and cracks had let nature overtake the walls and floors, and the ceiling had long since crumbled. We walked down an old throne room, and you turned to face me. It was so sudden, I nearly bumped into you. You looked resolute, and you said two simple words: " Find me. " I jolted awake. I knew what I had to do. I had to find you. So I searched, high and low, for days on end. Perhaps I thought it was fate, perhaps it was simply fool's luck, but I felt as if I would eventually find you, if I kept trying. One evening, as if beckoned, I went in a coffee shop. I sat down with my coffee at an empty table, and looked up through the window at the red sky. Soon, someone came in, ordered the same thing as I did. They headed toward my table, and sat down in front of me, smiling brightly. Strangely, I felt at peace.