It was all over the news. No one knew quite how it had happened, but our universe was merging with another, and it was going to change everyone's life. People were already talking about how they'd met with someone from the other universe, most of them seeming excited about what was coming. From the beginning, before it was on the news, my dorm room had been merging with someone else's, and they'd slowly been becoming more real to me. I was certain it was the same for them. We'd been ignoring each other. That seemed like the simplest thing to do, until he ended up bumping into me when he was in the midst of getting ready for classes one morning. Our eyes met, just for a moment, and then he walked away. If he was anything like me he was probably running late. Fortunately I didn't have any classes that morning, which gave me a chance to do some research into exactly what the scientists involved in studying what was happening thought. Halfway through what must have been my hundredth article he stepped into the room. " They don't know. " " Yeah, that's what I got too, but there has to be a reason for this. " " Sometimes things just happen. " He sat down on the bed. " How are we going to work this? " Feeling uncertain I slowly turned to look at him. " I have no idea. " " Other people noticed me too, which means the merger's probably not far off being complete, and that means we share one dorm room with a double bed. We both seem to have the same sort of schedule, so it's not as though one of us can sleep in it during the day and the other can sleep in it at night. " He brushed a hand through his hair. " I'm Trent. " " Jessica. " " Pleasure to meet you. " " Same. " I nibbled my lip. " As the two universities are merging together we might be able to talk with our deans. Maybe they have some idea how to deal with this. " " Two single beds? " I looked around the room. " Do we have room for two single beds? " " Does the university have room for double the students? " " Good question. " Our eyes met. " What are you studying? " " Honestly, that's going to be the other problem, because my major is wizardry. " " Your major is what? " " Wizardry. " He sighed. " I didn't think you were going to believe me, but our university teaches magic. Your university doesn't. " " No, it didn't. It's going to have to now, because we can't act as though you don't exist. " I stood, made my way over to him, and poked him in the arm. " You are there. There's no way we can pretend you aren't. " I looked at the bed. " Can you make it into two beds, when the merger is complete? " " The first thing I need to do is teach you the difference between the different types of magic user at my university. Wizards can't do things like that, although I know a couple of sorcerers who might be able to help us. "