"So..... you're a vampire. And I'm a vampire hunter." She sat primly on a boulder across him. The slope beyond led far down towards the dark castle and even from here he could hear the wretched howls of the werebeasts roaming the bone white forests below. "I believe you've stated the obvious." she said. He looked at her, observing her pale skin, wild, dark hair and very red eyes. Her pupils were shattering into the whites of her eyes as the moon loomed closer in the night. "Why are we having this conversation again?" She smiled at him, her teeth a row of sharp triangles. "Because, Ludlow, I enjoy your company in bed and I don't want you to die for no reason." "I'm not going to my death." he tried to say, "I'm an experienced hunter, I'll have you know. This is just me going out to meet your old man and helping him meet his grave." he paused, "Unless..... you're not sentimenal about him, are you?" She snorted, "Pull the other one. My concern here is that despite your experience, you're so far beneath his level that he hasn't bothered to open a way up to the castle for you." "Ouch. That hurts my feelings right here." he said dryly, "Don't you think that if he's underestimating me I'll have a higher chance of vanquishing him?" She shrugged her shoulders. Her wings billowed behind her like a cape, deep purple and wreathed in shadows. "You can't vanquish him. You're a mere human." "I have to try at least." he said, "If I don't, who will?" "Is it so bad to be ruled over by a vampire?" she tilted her head. "It is when said vampire doesn't believe in investing in anything that hasn't existed since his time. Humans deserve to be able to move forward." he said. "So I can't dissuade you then?" she sighed, folding her hands. "You could probably hypnotize me away or something." he shrugged, "I would still return the next night, or the night after that and so on. Anything to move forward." She looked at him for a long moment, silhouetted against the moon. With a leap, she swept off the boulder, transforming into a lithe, black wolf. He heard her voice in his mind. " Very well then. It seems I have no choice but to follow you, if only to grant you a merciful death should you reach my father. " He smiled at her, getting to his feet. He walked past her onto an almost invisible, overgrown path down to the woods of the castle, running his hand between her ears as he went. She chuffed and grazed his fingers lightly. "Tonight is a good night to hunt..."