Ya know, it's not that hard to kidnapp a child. You got ta search for a shithole of town where nobody cares, get yourself a car, not a van. To obvious and too stereotypical. Just a big car. Go to the next store and get all you need for some chloroform. It's not that hard. Everything ready I followed the little girl. She couldn't be older then 7. Open the door, ask for a direction and pull her in. Nobody saw shit. And even if, Nobody would care. Drive her to your safe place. She was silent for the first few days. Untill I decided to break that silence with some Pizza. I sat her down, and opened her handcuffs. But she couldn't escape after all, the chain arround her leg was connected to a pipe. She ate. "Do you know what I want?" A tiny nod from her. Seems like she wouldn't speak after all. Some minutes Later she finished. "You make good pizza. Should I lick your pepe?" "Errrr what?" I turned arround. Her innocent eyes stared right into my soul. "Why would I want you to...... what?" "Thats what mommy and daddy told me. If somebody is nice, lick their pepe or Dodo to say thank you" My stomach turned arround. "No kid...... You don't need to. "My thoughts gone crazy. What are thoose sick bastards. Who could do something to their own Child? I mean I kidnapped countless kids. But I returned all, even if their parents couldn't pay. One time, a few years back I even bought a teddy for that poor boy. She started to tear up:" But if I don't lick..... you will punch me. And lock me in that cage...." I heard enough. I could get some money out of this and help this little girl. One call and a few days later the kid, Janna sat next to me on the couch, playing Mario 64. I told her what her parents did. I unlocked the chain and told her she could go. She never did. The doorbell rang. Some friends of mine, a couple. Both infertile. They lived two blocks away. One last hug from janna and she walked away with her new parents. They told me I could still see her. I could become her good uncle. We'll see about that. 3 hours later I was at her old place. Picked the lock, got into the house and scared the crap out of thoose monsters. They had the choice. Sign the adoption papers for my friends, or get a bullet to their heads. They signed. Before leaving, I stuffed my bag full of her old toys. Another three hour drive. They where eating breakfast. I gave her the bag" Uncle Dean? Can you do something for me?" "Sure Janna" "Burn everything." Sorry for the formatting and any grammar misstakes, I am on my phone and no native speaker.