Sixteen hours..... That's what they said when I left the hospital. That was the time I had left. Initially, I had been upset, but I was beyond that now. It's strange how the human mind seems to deal with tragedy. No, I didn't want to die, but I couldn't do anything about it. And because of that, I'm gon na make the best of every damn second. Luckily, the hospital let me go after only about half an hour, so I had a solid fifteen and a half left. How am I going to tell everyone? Do I even want them to know? I shook my head as I stepped into my car, That wouldn't be fair to them. Closing the door behind me, I placed my hands on the steering wheel, for the first time noticing the softness of the leather beneath my fingers. I stared at the wheel for another few seconds before putting the key into the ignition and pulling out of the spot. The drive home only took fifteen minutes. Funny, I had never been one to focus that much on what time it was. But right now it was exactly 8:45 in the morning. So at midnight, that'd be it. No more me. The thought was almost comical, that my life would be snatched from me so suddenly and at such a specific time. And to think I had left for work this morning just like every other day, and now it was my last day on Earth. I parked the car in the driveway and stepped outside into the bright, warm morning air. It was going to be a hot day today, it seemed. Again, fate seemed to mock me, giving me the perfect weather for the last day of my life. Man, fuck this. I don't want to die, but I also don't want to spend my last day thinking about my situation. Let me just enjoy this last day. And with that mindset, I unlocked the front door and walked into my house. I wish I didn't. I heard..... noises coming from upstairs. I'll spare you the details, but, long story short, my girlfriend was cheating on me. I wonder how long she'd been doing this, waiting for me to leave in the morning just to have some guy come over to replace me. Man, that hurt. So, now I couldn't even spend my last day peacefully in the confines of my own home. Dammit, I'm thinking about it again. I looked around the front hallway. I don't know what I was looking for, maybe answers, but I didn't find them anywhere. I simply grabbed my keys and left. I got back in my car and drove away, trying to forget what I had just heard. I drove over to the park, only five minutes or so from my house. I parked the car and went for a walk around the pond in the middle of the park. I never noticed that the world was so loud, so full of life, and so beautiful. I found a bench looking out over the pond and just sat there. I must have watched a group of ducks paddle around in the water for at least an hour. The little things that I normally would never have taken notice of now seemed like miracles. After some time, God only knows how long I sat on that bench, I got up and started walking. I didn't have a direction in mind, just that I wanted to see everything this little city had to offer. I didn't have enough time to go "see the world" or whatever others might have tried in the same situation, but I was determined to at least do what I could to see the world. As I walked, again, the little things in life seemed to jump out at me. The way people walked along the sidewalks, the drumming of a street performer, the different sounds that cars made as they passed me by. These things were all amazing and unique in their own ways, and it pained me to know that I would be unable to experience them past today. A few hours must have passed, because now the sun was high in the sky. The heat of the day finally caught up with me, so I stopped at a street vendor and bought one of those cups filled with little balls of ice cream. I gave the guy a 100, insisting that he take it. I certainly wouldn't need it anymore, and I figured it would be put to much better use in his pocket than in mine. I don't know how, but I ended up on one of the bridges leading out of the city. I stood on the side, looking out over the river as it rolled lazily by. I looked straight down, the height making my head spin a little. I was never one for heights, but today these heights would be my savior. My friends and family wouldn't have to worry about me, they wouldn't even know what happened. A freak suicide, completely unexpected. That's how I would be remembered. Not exactly the legacy I had been hoping to achieve. At this point, though, it was out of my control. I simply didn't want to spend this day agonizing over how I only had a day left to live. My mnind simply wouldn't let it go. No matter how hard I tried to get it to go away, I didn't want to die. I was bitter that I had to die. I was jealous of those that got to live. So I stood up on the railing meant to keep people from falling and I held my arms out wide. I closed my eyes, feeling the warm air wrap around me as the breeze picked up just a little. It was peaceful, in its own way. I stood there for just another moment. Then I took a weightless step, out into oblivion.