On a cold winters night a Large and glistening smile with gigantic wide eyes peer out at the girl in her bed and in a sing-song voice he says: "Hello little girl my name is gigglesnark, I have puppies and kittens and candy and amusement parks..... and all you have to do to get some of it is to follow me down to the underdark. Through your closet we'll go and have a swell time where all will be fine. The best part will be your parents will never know and then you'll be away from all that awful snow." The Little girl smiles and says "Okay. My daddy will never know and he won't have to, I want to go and enjoy myself the way I know he does when he's at work. We'll all go ahead and find us a perk!" Gigglesnark smiled his over sized grin, he moved aside and beckoned her in. She ran inside with a cute little laugh and when Gigglesnark smiled and went inside he slapped his thigh and said "Its about time!" He gleefully went inside only to find the little girl waiting for him her back turned from the door..... Gigglesnark paused..... His demon senses were on alerting him to something bad..... Usually when a victim will follow him through the dimensional doorway they will start screaming..... because instead of puppies and kittens and amusement parks there are only dead bodies..... the dead bodies of children and the adults foolish enough to follow him in..... Hunters and Doctors and soldiers..... none of them had a chance against Gigglesnarks might. This girl slowly turned around. She had a smile on her face. Not as wide as Gigglesnarks..... but she was happy to be here. "So tell me Gigglesnark..... how long have you been here? More to the point how long have you been murdering innocent children? My father frowns on the death of the innocent." "I don't care little girl who your father is, My power is ALWAYS stronger than HIS! You walked in the wrong domain for this place is mine, you have no authority even if it be divine!?" "Oh stop with the rhyming crap will ya. Such outdated tactics only serve to prove how useless you are. You, like all of the Boogeymen, are going the way of the dodo. When I brought up my father you didn't even ask who he was. You assumed that by killing a few humans and their children and absorbing their power that you could do what you wanted..... Now you will die for it." Gigglesnark had no idea who this girl or her father were but he didn't care, she would soon die for stepping into his lair! He leaped at her and she was gone..... He didn't touch her..... she was just gone. He searched for her then he heard her behind him..... She was giggling and he was going to eat her. He leaped again at her but she wasn't there. "Now, now gigglesnark..... we've only just begun! It is time now for you to run! Holy hell is this rhyming crap contagious?" "Little girl I will thank you to not cuss in MY presence!" "Whats the matter? You've stopped rhyming..... Are you frightened?" Gigglesnark didn't know who or what this kid was but he knew he had to get out of here. He was big and strong and fast..... but this girl had magic..... or something..... Gigglesnark hated magic..... or something! He ran towards the exit and he heard her laugh again. This time she was in front of him..... he HAD HER! He leaped at her again..... and slammed face first on some kind of an energy shield. "Little girl what the hell are you, is you a demon or is you an Angel?" "Both actually. My Mother..... is an Angel. My Father..... is Kaine." Gigglesnark didn't know what to say about that..... He had of course heard of Kaine..... but he was assumed dead..... many, many eons ago..... there was no way anything..... even a demon of Kaine's reputed power could live that long. "Little girl, lies don't become you, that creature Kaine was dead long before either of us were born so you tell me the truth!" "I did..... I don't care if you believe me." With that she speared him through the chest with an energy blade that was Black and white and grey. And Gigglesnark knew only one thing..... that he would soon be dead. He watched as the little girl skipped away..... and felt his life..... fade away...