"Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law" said the Thelemic religion founder, Aleister Crowley. According to him, as dictated by the unknown being Aiwass, the world, or rather the time, was divided by the Aeons. The Aeons changed the Magick formula necessary to shift the Law of the world, or so he thought. The current Aeon was the Aeon of Horus, preceded by Aeon of Isis and Aeon of Osiris. His theory is splendid, but his framework were too narrow. It wasn't that the Magic that was changing the whole reality itself was ever changing, depending on the different Laws over the Aeons. The year was 2133, the date was August 23rd, the Firmament Magic Formula was sir-ald-pol-den-ach The Aeon of Ma'at had begun. The Aeon of Horus was the age of Chaos, where Magician lost their power and unable to defend themselves from the conventional weapon that witch hunter used. As a result, they were exterminated, with only pocket of them survived to carry on the ancient knowledge from Aeon of Osiris. But that was just mere knowledge, for centuries long after, no Magic could be conducted, and Science marches forward with no shackles from Magic. Atrocities ensued on the Science governed world, genocide and World Wars and weapons of mass destruction propagated through the Earth. I was one of the descendant of the Survivors, learning the faded knowledge of Magic, before a ripple of reality signaled the long awaited end for the Age of Science: the Ancient Magic is about to awaken. Soon enough, various ancient organisation rose back to the surface, challenging the scientifically established government. Particle beam and plasma cannons were no match for Fortification Magic, even so when the Law of Science had broke down. Dragons' breath melted through tanks, crushed fighters and attack helicopters and drones. Demolition spells blew through infantry rank, destroying buildings and highways. Freezing spell effectively halted the advance of the Navy. It took less than a month for the Magician to took down world governments, splitting the world between Five Large Magic Factions: Golden Dawn, Divine Governance, Freemasonry, Da'at and Illuminati, collectively known as Those Who Withheld the Ancient Wisdom. The year was 2133, the date was August 23rd, the Firmament Magic Formula was sir-ald-pol-den-ach. The time is 11.54 PM, midnight is due in a few minutes. Tomorrow, was my birthday Midnight has huge significance in Magic. Especially those that encompass large area and depends on the position of stars. Midnight also have another significance as the sign of the changing of days there were reasons why Cinderella's magic wore off at midnight. I drew my last line on the intricate magic circle, garnished by various symbol to invoke the ancient Egypt goddess used by Thelemites to represent this Aeon: The Goddess of Order Ma'at. The pentagram at the core of the circle had the symbols for Firmament Magic Formula for the night. "O great goddess of ancient." I began the chant accompanying the magic circle, and spilled the blood from my hand to the very center of the circle. "I implore thy guidance, shalt thine light be my guide to ages yet to come." the circle began to glow, the crimson light formed yet another magic circle over the chalk-drawn one. A birthday was a contradiction, repetition of one's birth and yet remind of one's closeness to death. "As my blood shall be spilled, may this humble peasant blood be a sacrifice for me to beseech for thy presence." the clock ticked the last second to midnight. Another glowing circle appeared. Then everything exploded, enveloping my body with light so bright. That night, the entire unnamed island north of Canada disappeared, along with bright explosion that left a crater in its wake. The Age of Magic had begun, christened by the Magic spell dwarfing largest nuclear explosion. EDIT: incomplete sentences and mismatch formula.