I was tired of this silent kidnapping-mobile. Made me unpleasantly aware of guilt and regret gnawing at the back of my brain. I figured starting by talking couldn't hurt. " Now listen, I'm not some horrible sort who routinely kidnaps children. I'm just someone rich folks hire when they want things done quietly. I suppose you could call me a ' private security contractor'at least, that's what I put on the business cards. " I began, eyeing the little girl in my back seat. " In reality, I'm part hacker, part bodyguard, part muscle, and part corporate spy. It's an interesting life, that's for certain. Raziel Janus is the name I use for this job. The angel of mysteries, according to some writings, and the Roman god of doors, new beginnings etc, etc. " I continued, letting my history background speak for itself. " I steal valuable data for clients from Chinese oligarchs, to Saudi oil barons, to Elon Musk himself. A naughty, naughty boy, Mr. Musk, but that's a story for another day, eh? I also provide bodyguard services, very discreetly, mind you, to everything from foreign dignitaries to corporate magnates, to that new pop star. The little starlets always made for interesting jobs. Once again, another story. " " As well, I occasionally hire out, when desperate for work, as somebody's enforcer. Sure, I'm a slim dude, not the sort to fight hand to hand at first glance. I still remember pulling a Keanu Reeves and dodging some cartel schmuck and then throwing him out a fiftieth floor window. Don Alzario is not a kind, nor a patient man. And when he wants someone kicking the bucket before they threaten his turf, he gets them dead. He hired me because he thought I had to be Italian with my name. Wrong, but if nothing else, I was his kind of Catholic. Man, that church the next day..... ahaha..... good times. " I laughed lightly, worried by the kid's utter silence. " The rest of the time, I steal accounting documents, corporate research, etc from any number of places for some very rich men from China. The call themselves the Han Collective, and I don't mind. They pay well, and party with me after every job like it's 209. Got ta love those crazy old coots and their ' Han Dynasty in exile'gig. Ah..... fun times. " I finished, stunned. I'd undone the gag and all the bindings. The only thing keeping my new passenger and current paycheck in her seat was a safety belt. But she just kept staring forward, or out the window, silent. Even though I'm a merc, a gray dot in this world of society and social media, and kinda heartless, I hated dealing with kids, especially as victims. Leaves a bad taste, you feel. I hadn't been a smoker till after I had to shoot some Senator's little boy because he saw me. Now, I'm constantly smoking on a cig, or at least chewing gently on one. I also drink because of a few jobs gone wrong, and all the shit that got me into this line of work. I remember when I was an optimistic little college kid..... now, this is my life. " Hey, kid. What's your name anyway? I know your pop is Stanis Petrov, the Russian mineral and oil oligarch, and your ma is some kinda KGB spy sent to keep him under Putin's thumb. But my employer never mentioned what I'm supposed to call you. " Silence. " Kid, if I don't get a name soon, I'll... " I threatened lightly, hoping she'd respond by blurting out everything I wanted to know. After all, this job was high pay, low details, and Don Alzario hadn't told me jackshit about why I was kidnapping Petrov's kid. It struck me as odd, maybe the kid knew? " Please don't hit me, mister. Daddy hit me with his belt today, and it all hurts. " the little girl in the frilly dress begged, but with the resignation that implied she was used to requests for mercy being ignored. I bit a hole through my lit cig, and my lip. I didn't know how I missed the signs. Besides a tech major, I'd done some psych and sociology classes. I'd been fascinated, kinda morbidly, by the unit we did on abuse. The signs were all over, a long-sleeved, frilly, high collared jumperdress shirt thing, the long stockings, the heavy shoes, the hair long and loose over the neck. They were to hide any marks her pop left on her. Also, the quiet resignation I was met with during the kidnapping, and the lack of a fight, and the silence. She was used to being beaten, abused, and ignored. She probably thought this car a haven because all I did was tell her my story, and threaten. I knew the Don would kill me if I popped the kid one, and moreover, who hits a ten year old girl? " Kid. Lem me tell ya, I may be taking you to the Don to ransom back to your pop, but I ain't gon na hit ya. If your pop is, I bet it'd do nothing anyway. Pretty sure your pop will pay up. Also certain the Don will have me do the trade. I'll do something when that happens. But first, we're swinging by my place. Got it? " I may be a merc, but I'll happily put three through a child abuser and his psycho wife. The Don could have my finger, but this girl wasn't going back to those people. " Now, act like I'm your friendly uncle or something when we get there. If you can help me with that, this can be nice, easy, and maybe even a bit fun. It's what us adults do when we wan na play pretend. How bout it? " I extended a hand backwards for a shake as the car automatically parked in my spot by the door of my apartment building. She stared, and then shook it. " Uh..I'm Alexandra Petrov, Mister Janus. N-nice to meet you. " She stammered. " Good to meet ya, Alexa. Mind if I call ya that? " " N-no... " " Great! Well, let's get going then. " Inside, old lady Jenkins, my building manager and landlady just looks at me oddly. She knows what I do, but I also pay her far more than the cops ever could. Besides, I don't do too much that's really illegal, just many things that society highly frowns upon. " Who's this one, Raz? " She slurs, drunk as always. Her voice a dry rasp. " My niece, Alexa. Say hi to Mrs. Jenkins, Alexa. " " H-hi. " " Well, ain't she precious? I'll let you two go, it's way past her bedtime, eh? " the old crow guffawed. " Thanks, Ma Jenkins. " " Later, Raz. Rents due next Tuesday! Don't forget. " " Ma, when have I ever not paid you on-time, in cash? " I drawled from the elevator doors. " Fair enough, Raz. "