"It doesn't hurt." I mouth to myself. "It doesn't hurt." But it's not right. I'm light headed, my surroundings swirling around my in a rush of light and color. I collapse, my knees buckling. It still doesn't hurt. My bike is lying across from me, the back tire completely in ruin. My ankle is ruined too, but it doesn't hurt. The skin across my ankle is practically shredded into ribbons, and blood is oozing over my Nike. But under the blood, it looks..... Odd. My sight quickly returns to normal, and I reach for my bag. I pull out my extra shirt and start wiping away the blood. It's metal. Metal and wires? But, how? I don't understand. I turn to look for my phone, but I know where it is. It was my own fault, thinking I could change my music track while riding my bike. The shattering of my phone's screen was the first thing I saw when my foot slipped into the back tire. I sit there for awhile, waiting. No one's going to come get me. I'll have to pull myself through. I stand up straight, surprisingly well. I bend back to wrap my ankle anyway, but I don't feel it anymore. I start walking toward my home. It takes me about 25 minutes to walk home. But it's such a beautiful day, hard to believe I probably broke my ankle. I arrive to my house and open the door. I'm nervous at first, but it's got to be done. "Mom? I injured my ankle and..... Its pretty bad." She looks down and asks me to remove my wrap. I do so. She cringes. "Oh honey. Go sit down in your room, I'll call a doctor." She's surprisingly calm. Suspiciously calm, actually. I listen to her anyway. My mind is whirring, and I have no reason to argue. I sit there for awhile, contemplating my life. I have metal and wire under my skin. The full effect hasn't hit me yet, but I know what's true. I'm a robot, or a cyborg. I'm not sure which, but I imagine this doctor my mother - is she my mother? - called, is actually a mechanic of some sorts. The door creaks. I'm not scared. I have to face this, I have to know the truth. "Mom, what's going o "Honey, please, stay quiet. This won't take long." The man stepped in and held a remote. He pressed a code into it, and everything went black. I wake up, look at my clock, and yawn. Its the morning, and I have plans today. I'm going to hang out with Jeff and Carrie. We're going to see "The Megabot x7." In theatres today. I've just got to ride my bike to Jeff's and his mom will drive us to the movies. There's only one problem though. My bike isn't in the garage.