I had known this asshole for more than twenty years.Every morning, I greet him, and encourage him. You can do it. As I know, this fucker never reply nor repond. He just stand there and stare with his pluffy pillow eyes, and open mouth like a cave which wishes to claps and shut. You could say, he is shy or I just did not hear what he said. No, even if he did, he was not mean it. I can see it in his eyes, fucking lazy lizard green shit. You see, she says I am handsome and well built but when I look at him, the god damn bugger, looks like an ant with his skinny arms and triangle jaw. How could she love me, when I look like him. Why did she love me, when I am grumpy and cynic like him. She was like a tree, on edge of hill, where you could just let go of yourself and lie down. Her breath would be a gentle breeze of a summer day. Her eyes will be stars of clear night. Her embrance will be a beauty of mesmerisement of the great infinite universe. You see, I loved her more than him. I will tell you why. I will tell you why I hate him. If I smile at him, he smirks. If I wink at him, he blinks. This starving skeleton of god's creature, in front of me, is me but be aware he was not. I did look better. I was happier. Not anymore. Since that day. A day. The day, I lost her, the one who hugs me with him with her, beatiful as her, reflection. They will smile at me and him, and grab my butt with her silky hand. What was his response? This motherfucking asshole was brushing his teeth. Can you believe it, maybe you will, you never seen her. Never will. She is gone. Why did he saved me? I told him, I begged him. Please, please, save her. He said too late, and dragged me from a van. Our van. The van, she want to take our children to their school. Our van which we could drive to the moon. I know, I know I can not, so shut the fuck up, and listen. The thing is, It was our van. Now, what do I have? Empty rooms and a cold bed. Then, this smiling bitch. He never did stop smiling at me since her. I hate him, I despise him. I punched him, and cut my hand. Now, I am afraid to go to bathroom. He will be there on a million broken pieces. Why didn't he smile at her, why didn't he tell her how much I love her? I heard police siren. It did not interest me. I am afraid that I will see him, in the window reflection, with his laughing scar. Day by day, he started to convince me that she died because of him. Night after night, he explained that the batman kill her. Why the fuck he could not save her, he is god damn fucking the batman, we fucking told him "save her, not us." We begged him. Finally, I understood every thing. Yes. Yes, you are right. I can see now. He killed her. I have to avenge. We do. As I try to take my brush, I saw him get up a second before me. I see. he is ready. We will revenge. You and me. Then, I heard his laugh, first time in my life. I laught. You and me, we will make batman to kill us.