Detective Brown looked the woman from her head to her wonderfully tight dress to her toe. "And I suppose I'm the gratuitously sexualised romantic interest. Hi, I'm Darlene." "What are you talking about?" Brown asked, confused and embarrassed about having stared. "I knew you were the guy when you started questioning people. In this club, no one ever does anything intellectual. It's all sex and drugs in here, cause it's a club. How original." They were cramped in a filthy toilet cubicle. The blond woman had emerged from the raving crowd and told him to follow her. "Don't get any ideas, James Bond. We're only here to escape the noise. We can't escape him, anyway." "Him? Do you mean Don Lombardo, the mob boss?" "Huh? No. I do have information about that douche, though. He gave me that," she pointed vaguely to the ceiling. "Very clever, aren't we? Give the woman exposition, information, AND boobs. It's a full package." "Who's this "he" you keep mentioning?" "The writer," Darlene whispered, as if it was discreet. "I figured we were in a short story of sort. All the tropes are there. Not even a good one, judging by the style. Probably a wanna-be." A few drops of strange liquid dripped onto her hair from the ceiling. "Oh, real classy, now," she said, annoyed. "You're not making sense," Brown said. "Anyway, I need information on Lombard "Snap out of it, Poirot. That kind of mafia boss won't show up until act two. Not until after the sex scene. This isn't real, stupid." "But- I'm a real detective. I have a license!" "Gosh, they make characters so dumb these days. Do you remember what you ate for lunch? When's the last time you peed?" "Uh- I..... I don't remember." "It's fiction, Juno. Look around you - none of this is real! It's the model of the Death Star. The guy in the E.T suit. Chris Pratt's abs." "My God..." The detective stood still for half a minute, before giving in. "How do we get out?" "We can't. You're the main character, and I'm the booty call. The writer won't let us quit, so we have to finish the story. But then we'd cease to exist. I doubt this is the kind of writer that gets sequel deals..." While Darlene contemplated, Brown held his head in defeat, as the facts caught up with him. "I- I can't believ- My life is not real?" "Shut up, let me think." "What about my wife and kid, were they real? They were murdered by gangsters..." "Tragic backstory. Shocking. Maybe if we killed the writer..."