As I left my house for work I felt as if I had forgotten something. Fed the dogs? Check. Turned off the coffee? Check. Locked the door? Check. I assumed everything was fine and headed about my daily commute. It was a particularly sunny walk to the bus stop. As I reached the little pavilion on the corner and took a seat at the bench, I realized my eyes just couldn't take it anymore and the back of my head was throbbing. So strange, I thought, I haven't felt discomfort like this ever..... I started fumbling in my bag for a pair of sunglasses when a total stranger walked up and sat down next to me. As I pulled out the glasses he spoke calmly, "Light sensitivity? Does your head hurt? Tension in your neck, maybe?" Puzzled, I responded, "Uh, yeah. My head hurts a little bit." "Could be a migraine." He pulled out two small capsules and handed them to me, "Take these." "Thanks?" I took the pills from him and put them in my pocket. "That'll be 140." He demanded. He had a fierce look in his eyes. I stood up and quickly gave the pills back to him, "Sorry, no thank you. I'm not paying you for anything." "I said," He stepped closer to me, "That'll be 140..." I backed up but he kept moving closer. The bus was nowhere in sight. The further back I moved the faster he got and he kept demanding money. I turned and started to jog away slightly, feeling completely creeped out, but he stayed in tow. I ran faster and looked behind me but he was still chasing me. As I started to adjust my focus forward again I tripped. My pants tore at the knee where I fell and there was a deep scrape filled with bits of debris. I looked behind me and the man was closing in. My knee ached. Suddenly another man approached me and offered his hand to help me up. I took his hand and explained, "Oh thank God, that man back there is chasing me, he's demanding my money!" The second stranger looked down at my knee and pulled a handkerchief from his pocket. He lightly dabbed at the blood and spoke softly, "That's quite an abrasion you've got there." I was confused, did he not care about the other man that was about to reach us, "Sir, that man back there..." "Now, now, now, it'll be ok. We'll get this cleaned up. It'll be 90." He grasped my arm firmly. The first man caught up to us. "I need that 140!" the first man shouted. The second man released my arm and turned to the first, "She's in my care now!" and with that he shoved him back. The first man took a swing at the second and before I knew it they were trying to kill each other. I started hyperventilating, I was sweating, I didn't understand what was happening. While they fought I backed away slowly and then began to run. I turned down an alleyway and crouched behind a dumpster. The feeling of safety couldn't be attained. I started to shiver and cry all at once. What the hell just happened? "Are you ok, Honey?" A woman said in a sweet, reassuring voice. I looked up and a very homey, comforting, motherly lady stood before me. "NO!" I wailed, sobbing, "I was just trying to go to work and these men started hounding me for my money and then they were fighting over who was going to get my money and they chased me and I don't know what's going on and I don't feel safe!" "Oh, Sweety..." she cooed in a soothing voice, "Deep breaths now. I want you to look around. Think of things you can control. You can control your breathing. You can touch the pavement. You can see the sky. You can smell the air. Not to worry dear, you have a strong hold on your reality." I felt a little better, I looked up at her and smiled. She reached out her hand and helped me off the ground, then she looked deep into my eyes and said, "That'll be 300." I screamed bloody murder and ran! As I was running my stomach growled and I realized..... I NEED to find an apple! Edit: A word.