"Look I know she's cheating on me. Just get me some photos and I'll pay you a thousand dollars, that's more then double your fee for a week long case. I'm sick of this broad I want her out of my life in the worst way." The old, fat, balding man said as he stood in front of Bob's desk. Bob, or DazTranDolXin as he was known on his home planet nodded to the complaining man and stood up he extended his right hand in the traditional handshaking gesture of this human's culture. "I'll take care of it." Bob said as they two men shook. The man gave a weak smile and left the room. Bob looked at the folder he'd been given, addresses, photos of the cheating wife, all the standard info. He would get on with the investigation soon enough. It had been ten years since the invasion. Bob felt sad every time he thought about it, the Shifters struck to hard too quick, replacing heads of state in all the major nations almost instantly, but humans were far more emotional than any other race they had manipulated before. People saw the differences in their leaders almost instantly, when somebody finally punched the fake George W. Bush and their fist went through his face and he melted into a puddle of black ichor on the ground that then reformed as a five foot tall mass of blades and barbs, That was when, as the humans would say, shit hit the fan. Bob's job was to protect his masters, he was supposed to be a warrior but once he saw the hopelessness of the Shifters situation he fled. Others hid in the shadows as well but the desire for power that's practically hardwired into every Shifter got the best of them. They end up taking over the life of a governor or a billionaire and sooner or later they get found out and killed. Bob never had any use for it, Bob just wanted to live. And being a private detective let him live and it allowed him to study humanity. They were a weird and interesting people. They loved passionately yet got bored of their partners easy. He blamed most of it on sex, the Shifters had nothing like it, every twenty years two Shifters would just get in a tub and liquify themselves in a tub and mix chemicals and a new Shifter would be formed from the process, it was cold and clinical, nothing like the intense passion of human breeding. Bob grabbed the folder, looked at the cheating wife and the addresses to find her at and went to work. He'd found emotions in himself in the years of working as a private eye, there was a thrill of the chase that he found delightful. That same rush hit him when he finally laid eyes on the target as she was walking down a crowded city road. Normally a tail tries to avoid being seen, but Bob liked letting his targets know they were being followed, liked to spook them and get them jumpy. He'd found that humans do dumb things when they get rattled. "Hey back off creep! I'll call the cops!" The wife shouted at him after he'd spent two blocks only a few feet behind her. "Sorry ma'am, I was just heading to the bar." Bob replied and he dipped into a nearby bar a few feet ahead of them. Bob walked into the bathroom and sat in a stall and performed the stunt he loved the most. Walking out of a stall as an attractive human female in a room full of men. The shock and confusion on all their faces gave him a weird sort of satisfaction he'd never felt before. Hot Female Bob then kept up the tracking of the woman till she made it to the motel where she was going to meet her lover. A quick thought and Bob made a police badge appear around his neck, if anyone questioned why a beautiful woman was hanging out in the bushes near a motel a quick flash of the badge and a claim of a stake out would send them on their way. Bob crept up to the window and slowly stuck a listening device on it. He could have just turned himself into a coating on the street and oozed over, but this was quicker and he hated getting run over and having to pick chunks of himself out of car tires. Once the bug was in place it was time to sit back and let the story tell itself, usually it was some small talk and then a bunch of moaning and groaning. "He had somebody following me! I know it! That idiot's going to ruin everything. Idiot just couldn't keep his head down and let me do my job. The whole plan is at risk now." The wife said. "So what do we do?" The Other Man said. "Kill him. Make it look like an accident. It'll set our time table back a few months, but this is to important to leave to chance." The Wife said. "Oh" she continued. "And find out who he hired to follow me. We may have to kill them too." she finished. Bob for the first time in his existence felt fear. This was far bigger than any case he'd ever been on before.