It was only at the young age of twenty-five that I discovered for myself I will be immortal for the rest of life. I remember waking up in the morning at my bamboo shelter in the middle of the kingdom of EatherBurt. The breeze from the prairies carried lots of seeds that were later moved to the ocean by the lake in the horizon. The sun shines as any other day would in this beautiful forest. Trees grew as tall as the human can see and the shadows they created guarded other animals from the perils of the human kind. I was human myself, "I remembered." Said to myself as I looked at a muscular body and long beard in the mirror. "What may today prepare for me? " , I took out the notebook I have left on the weirdwood table near my bed. I remembered I still had my night glasses which protected me from the deadly light from the sun in the morning. "It has been hard living alone...," this were the first lines I wrote on my daily journal for months on end. "I wish I could go back to my old life..," I said sobbing. A tear came out of my lively eyes almost drowning the plants underneath my feet. There were lots of books in my shelter. I have read them all and had all the knowledge of them. I often think of my beautiful Cinthya. I wish for her to be forgiven for one day betraying me to the world. They'll knew I was an immortal at that time so I had to escape and transform my physical appearance for the human kind not to recognize nor perform unspeakable acts against me. I ran as far as the horizon can go and had to hide near the forest of Purlanpah. "I have to accept it," I kept repeating it out loud. "I will never go back to that temple ever again." I proceeded to check out on my flowers. I had learned to truly enjoy the marvelousness of nature and appreciate for what it is. A living organism. Upon taking my first bow to nature I noticed a shining object at the top of the mountain. I was mostly bright and proportioned in gold. Thus it was shining. "The rock of Heimdal! " , I screamed at the top of my lungs. Maybe, the prophecy was correct in which one day I'll die by the hand of other immortal. So, I went to the mountain as quick as the brown fox from the western rivers can. And when I found myself staring at the rock. I mighty creature appeared. I wasn't able to confirm and image because of the rock glittering but them I came to my senses..... Is she the immortal I have been waiting for?