I hear crescendos of noise oscillate in every direction around me. Sounds of raised voices, swift movements, and hurried footsteps echo, swelling to an incoherent ramble. I don't bother trying to tune into any particular source, as I know that it is all concerning the same thing, which is figures and numbers. It's always about figures. Heckling. Bartering. Pleading. The occasional trade. I've heard stories that places very much like this used to exist before the Registration, but for an entirely different kind of contraband. Crude projective machinery, perception altering substances, and other vices which seem abominable even by our modern standards, but nonetheless, relics of a more civilized age. Our ancestors had their illicit product, and we have ours.I pass a stall where I overhear a man demand 500 shipments of Nausea. The seller thinks for a moment, then triples his asking price, perhaps as a substitute for knowing what such a large order could possibly be needed for. The militancy was started by an event which every school child knows by memory. The 1st magistrate of the Global Reformation was assassinated. His pilot's water had being dosed with Narcolepsy, Several foreign diplomats were aboard the craft, causing global panic, and next thing you know everyone had mandatory rewiring. The elite speak of vigilant sacrifice, of patriotic abstinence, but I know for a fact not a single one of them has ever been on the streets, begging for half a capsule of Respiration feeling like your lungs are going to fail. Which is why places like this need to exist.So the tyranny of shortfall and bodily disfuction doesnt becoe a ocean for us to drown in. I arrive at the stall which has what I need, right next to the presenter hyping up his small supply of R.E.M. Sleep. I know for a fact that is diluted, miniscule amount which barely even works, but none of these folks know that. I personally feel you better off trying you luck at going natural and hoping the Monitors are focused somewhere else. WIth 1 billion people all trying to squeeze every bit of excess they can get, they occasionally miss you. I only nod off for a few minutes now, but once I made it all the way in. I fell into a dark cloud of hallucinogenic euphoria for what felt like days before I felt the slow, familiar, dull buzzsaw impulses climb up my spine.I tired ripping out my implant once, but I only succeed in hacking off my ear and frying the touch sensation in my left arm. They are only able to occasionally pick my feed up now, but they make sure to make every aggravating sensation count when they have me in grasp. I have been on the run or years so I know exactly what comes next. I can feel the kneejerk increase of my sensory perception, up until the point where I can actually hear my pulse scream at me. As an outlaw, I have built up a tolerance, but half the people in this room have lived their whole lives without a truly functioning cochlea. The sharp shriek fills the room. People drop to the floor in terror and pain, waiting for the end. Like apparitions out of the dark, they appear, outfitted in onyx tactical gear, brandishing a crimson five striped armband on the left left bicep, a cruel reminder of the complete control they exert over you. Chaos explodes through the room, heavily clad solider detain everyone and sight and my only thought is to do what I've always done, which is run.