Let me begin with a quote taken straight from the Caesar's Qua Baths and Spa official website: Playing off its water motif, cooling blue tones, slate and stone set the mood as you explore Qua's many amenities or retreat to a chair in the Tea Room complete with Tea Sommelier. I always advise my friends not to play things up in their minds, because the fall is only that much harder from the heights that we all are capable of building in our minds. Unfortunately, I did not take my own advice on this one.:) I had a vision of retiring to the snow room with my freshly brewed tea, made by the Tea Sommelier. Coming from a heavily Asian influenced area, and recognizing both the health benefits and beauty of an individually brewed cup of tea, by none less than a Sommelier, I was really sold on this aspect. Truthfully though, it is only instant tea packets for you to serve yourself. When I asked about the Sommelier, the front desk had to call and ask management what a Sommelier was. Now, this alone was only one strike, but in truth, it was the final strike. I was also dissatisfied with the strands of hair that were left in the brushes, basking in the blue lights to disinfect, for your complimentary use; the salty pretzels (only snack if you happen to have been in a rush to get to your appointment); no disposable razors should you need shave in the shower; and most importantly...when asked to be in the tea room, 5minutes before my service, I was picked up for my appointment 5 minutes after my start time. I was then released a few minutes early. I was not given a 50 minute time slot for my facial, and there was no massage in the hands or shoulders, rather a lathering of lotion that I just wanted to wipe off. And, after that lathering, I was left a tab (which I paid and tipped on prior to arrival) and asked to sign it, so as to add additional tip, if I so saw fit. AWKWARD! Most comical though was my interaction with the staff (wont mention name) who told me that the Tea Sommelier was on her lunch break, after I had been there for 2 hours and seen no one. She kindly offered to make me an instant cup of tea. Eventually we were able to agree that no Tea Somellier was going to arrive after any lunch break. Lol. The spa itself was lovely, but I am a firm believer that when you advertise 50 min. service, you provide 50 minute service. When you advertise Tea Somellier, you have one on site. If it's no longer available, the website should have been fixed. I was researching the website for months before I booked this appointment (remember that the front desk did not even know what a Tea Somellier was so it gives you an idea of how long it had been since a Somellier had been on premises), and am looking at it a week later and it has not been updated. There is no rush on Caesars part to correct their advertising practices. That is shameful. My advice: I went to Golden Nugget Spa two days in a row before Qua and had a fantastic time. The services were better!! The spa itself is not as great as Qua, but at least their refreshments are better, their brushes are disposable, razors available, and the price is literally 13 the price of Qua. At least that's what I paid each of the two days. They run specials, list discounts on their website, which I took advantage of. Literally, 80, included the discounted price of the service and the 20 on the FULL cost not discounted cost of the price of the facial, massage or manicure. They also offer a better facial than Qua. Good luck and happy Spa..ing!!!