Lets face it, no one wants to write a review about her vagina getting checked (TMI anyone?) but as women we need to find places we can rely and trust for all our Gyno needs. This is just my small contribution to it. I was in a situation where I needed to see a specialist and I didn't know of any in the area. My coworker quickly recommended New Horizon's because they have tons of offices in the valley and there would likely be one close to me (or work). They were the only place that also agreed to perform the test I needed without first doing a regular consultation (I had already seen a doctor and just needed a follow up test). I arrived 30mins before my appointment time so I could fill out paperwork and do all the homework prior to seeing the Dr. The office is very large and quite pretty with lots of chairs, TVs and magazines. That's really the only positive. I filled out a bible's worth of paperwork (more than any other place) and gave them my IDinsurance card to check and photocopy. When I went to the bathroom I saw a sign that I needed to give a urine test for my procedure.... as I am sitting on the toilet. WTF? Why would they not tell me this when I booked the appointment? Or when they gave me the 2-day reminder? Or maybe even when I checked in and told them what I was there for?. I quickly lifted up my pants and ran to the desk to try and convince them to let me give my urine sample right away, before I exploded. I gave my sample but was really grossed out that they gave me a coffee-looking paper cup. Below those cups they actually had the plastic sample containers with a lid, but they insisted I use the regular paper (NO LID) cup and put it in the deposit box. Gross, I really hope that nurse doesn't tip it over and drop it accidentally. After all that mess, it was time for my appointment but I was still waiting outside, holding my pager like a customer at Outback Stakehouse. They didn't take me in until 30-40mins later, and that was just with the nurse telling me what was going to happen. I waited in the consultation room, got moved to a second consultation room and then waited some more for the doctor. When he finally arrived, the procedure literally took 2 mins and I was out the door by then. Not sure why I had to wait 1.5hrs for that but oh well. I didn't feel like the office was very organized or patient-focused. It bothered me that all consultation rooms had flat screen TVs with drug advertisements, to try and entice you to ask your doctor about that. It gives me the impression that they are in the business of selling unnecessary medication and ad space rather than patient care. No, I don't wan to discus how I can gulf down a bunch of pills so that my period smells like flowers and unicorns. I just want to be healthy. Wait... is that too much to ask?