I must say.... I was really looking forward to having dinner here. We were on a quick weekend get away in Scottsdale for my 32nd birthday, and I booked this place to celebrate with the love of my life. Boy oh boy, what a disappointment!!! We arrived, and I was impressed with the atmosphere, decor, and the fantastic view stretching across the phoenix urban sprawl. When we checked in with reception, we were informed that we would have a 10mn wait to be seated outside. 10mn? Not a problem!, I said, and continued on to state that we would grab a drink at the bar and sit outside to take a look at the view, while we waited to be seated in the dining area. And we waited. And waited. And waited. All the time, seeing free seats being taken by others (although there was no one waiting behind us). We ended up asking about it, and they were quite rude, did not apologize, and ended up telling us that they had been looking for us, but we were no where to be found, which is IMHO a load of bullocks, given that we had made eye contact with the floor manager several times during our wait. In the end, we got seated by the bus table, still outside, my mood souring by the minute.... but hey, it was my birthday, I wasn't going to let something like that ruin the moment. I wasn't surprised by the prices, as I knew what we were getting into. I was however, surprised by the crappy quality of the dinner we had for the we paid. They brought the perfunctory amuse gueule, which was a joke, to be honest. If I was a restaurant manager, I would be literally embarrassed by what they deigned to serve: 2 table spoons of some sort of artichoke bisque served in a large mug.... makes you feel like someone scraped the bottom of a soup pan and was serving you yesterday's leftovers from the local penitentiary. I was quite unimpressed. Gordon Ramsey would have had a fit. At this point, we were also annoyed with the high powered, halogenic lights, that are pointed right in your face, literally blinding you when the beams catch you at the right angle.... I was starting to have a head ache, as was my wife. They then came around to serve us some bread and pesto butter, which I must say was pretty nice tasting..... (but come on,.... how hard is it to screw up bread??). We perused the wine menu, and decided to order a South African white chardonnay, from the Stellen Bosch region (Mirlest white).... which was pretty good. Nice touch was that we didn't finish the bottle, and they re-corked and bagged it for us before leaving.... which was a plus... As a starter, I had the pan seared foie gras.... which was a bit too gelatinous for my liking (have had way better).... the waffles were a nice touch. It reminds me of a restaurant in Paris that used to serve foie gras with ginger bread.... quite nice.... the sweet and salty combo always works wonders. My wife ordered the Chevre walnut tarte.... one piece of advice.... stay the hell away from it. Its mainly a medley of thick, sandy crust and walnut powder, with ABSOLUTELY NO DETECTABLE trace amounts of goat cheese..... For 11, it was an absolute rip off. The server initially didn't react when we told him that this dish was absolutely not a success.... however, he did later take it off the bill. My wife just had a really unlucky evening. Being vegetarian, she ordered the Vegetarian Trilogy. What this ended up being was a soggy vegetable lasagna, served with a supposed macademia truffle sauce that tasted more like peanut butter, except that it was even more bland and greasy..... The truffle scented gnoccis that we ordered as a side dish, looked like, and tasted like stale, soggy, greasy fries.... yuck. I however ordered the diver's scallops and lobster, which was pretty good. Not the softest lobster, but damn tasty, and the scallops were perfect, and huuuge. No dessert, as we were pretty disgusted with the whole experience. Netnet: expensive place, crap value for money, food is totally hit and miss, but the view is nice, if they can deign paying attention to the service they provide....