Food: Ginza offers traditional Japanese cuisine ranging from hibachi to sushi to noodles, with plenty of appetizers and deserts as well. We started with the miso soup, which was just fine and warmed us up on a cold winter night. We followed with the edamame appetizer. Its hard to mess up edamame, and Ginza definitely didn't, but the dish could have used more seasoning to make an otherwise average dish stand out. There were other interesting appetizer choices, like seaweed salad, fresh spring rolls, and avocado salad, all of which are probably worth considering instead of the edamame. We then ordered the vegetable sushi roll, which contained avocado, asparagus, and cucumber (any of these could also be ordered individually within a roll). The roll consisted of six large pieces and was fresh and well made. There were four enticing vegetarian entrees on the menu; tofu vegetable teriyaki, tofu tempura, vegetable hibachi, and vegetable udon noodles. The udon noodles can be prepared pan-fried or in broth soup-style. The pan-fried udon noodles were quite bland, covered in a sauce that had little to no flavor or spice. The tofu teriyaki was slightly more interesting, with a thicker, more tasty sauce, but wasn't anything memorable and some of the vegetables were cold on the inside. The tofu was prepared crunchy out the outside but very wet and soft on the inside. Ginza does not put any hot sauce, pepper seeds, or chili paste on the table, and also do not offer a spiciness scale, so you can't really adjust what you get on your plate to accomodate for a lack of flavor. The lead-ins to the main course were not bad but not great, and the entrees were pretty lackluster. Overall, it seems as if Ginza doesn't have experience designing and preparing vegetarian items. Meat and fish eaters would likely have more success finding something satisfying. Price: The prices were very reasonable, as we ordered two soups, an appetizer, a sushi roll, and two entrees for under 30. We were hungry, so we didn't have enough left to bring home (although we may not have taken leftovers anyways due to lack of flavor), but the portion sizes are above average. Drinks: Ginza is BYOB but they do offer Japanese teas and sodas in addition to regular fountain drinks. Atmosphere: The restaurant is decorated very nicely with darkly painted walls and candlelit tables. There are tables for small and large parties, and enough space so that you aren't sitting directly on top of your neighbors. However, the restaurant is basically one big room and when the door opens on a cold night, you can feel the chilly air rush in if you are anywhere near the front. It isn't too difficult to find a parking spot on Liberty or one of its side streets. Service: We were seated immediately upon entering the restaurant and provided menus and glasses of water. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive, often checking our table and re-filling our water. We requested an addition of tofu to the udon noodles, which the waitress approved, but when the plate came the tofu was missing. We were also served our appetizer, sushi, and entrees within five minutes of each other, creating a table full of hot food getting cold.: cheap prices, large portions: average to below-average vegetarian food Would I go back again? Probably not, although I wouldn't stop a meat-eating friend from giving Ginza a shot.