Have eaten here several times and generally the food is pretty good. Not great, but good for a beer and burger place. The reason for the two stars is the wait staff. The last few times we have gone in we are met with an attitude of indifference at the door that seems to permeate the wait staff. Waited a long time to for our first contact with the waitress, though she was pleasant. Seems she had customers on the patio as well as inside and was spread thin, so it was a long time between visits. First beer came timely, but could not get the attention of anyone for a refill when our food came. A different waitress dropped off our food (and that was literally what she did) and quickly turned away and did not ask if we needed anything else. Furthermore, she went out of her way to avoid our conspicuous attempts to get her attention for something we needed. In the meantime our first waitress was busy on the patio and, apparently, waitress 2 was not happy that she had to serve us our food, because she continued to ignore our attempt to get her attention, even glaring and looking through me at one point. Although this was Trivia night (for the life of me I don't understand what a restaurant gets out of this since most participants seem to only buy drinks), the place was not crowded or busy and there seemed to be plenty of employees to go around the room and tend to the customers that were present. This is only an account of the third bad experience we have had with service. There have been others, interspersed with satisfactory experiences. We both have many years in the restaurant business and our assessment of the reason for this uneven experience falls on management. First, choose people that are committed to the success of your business. There are many competitors out there waiting to take your place if you stumble. Second, management has the responsibility to make certain staff is well schooled in how to deal with customers, including the technique of scanning the room and making eye contact with those that seem to be looking for something. There are usually additional sales involved in doing this competently. Third, management needs to be present and observant so that when it is apparent things are not going well, they can do what they are paid to do, i.e. make it right. You only get so many bites at this apple HAPH, so you better get it right or Gilbert ends up with yet another vacant building with a For Lease sign in the window.