I have shopped at Old Navy for years. Never again. The store manager Aundrea Turner cost the company my business as well as the business of my friends and family. All over 9. The whole thing started on Saturday when I purchased 3 dresses for my niece during the one day sale. I bought them at Colonnade. The sale was a one day sale on girls tank dresses for 7. The dresses were clearly marked 7 and there were a mix of solids and print. I bought 3 with prints. The dresses I picked were all from the side of the display rack that had a 7 sign. They weren't just one or two mixed in there were full size runs. The other side of the rack had tunics for 8.50. I was charged 10 each. Unfortunately, I didn't notice until this morning when I looked at the receipt. I live by Arrowhead and that's the location I went to for a price adjustment receipt and dresses in hand. I waited in line for 10 minutes before someone helped me. The cashier checked with whom I assumed to be an assistant manager or lead. I was told that the Arrowhead location didn't have this style (same style just a print instead of solid) on sale but they would call the location I went to for verification. I waited for nearly 10 minutes and in front of me the cashier told the same lead that the Colonnade location had put them on sale for 7 because they had such little inventory of the ones that were actually on sale. He then asked if he should just refund me the difference. She told him no and went to check with the store manager. After waiting another 5 minutes she came back and said if I wanted the price difference I would have to take it to the Colonnade store for a refund. I asked to speak with the manager. We waited 10 more minutes for her to come out. From the start she was defensive and rude. She told me that she called that store (because apparently she didn't believe the employee that had already called them in front of me) and told me that I was wrong they never had the dresses set up like that and if there was a mistake, it was that store's mistake and they would be the ones that needed to fix it not her. That's right. She said. Multiple times actually. I told her I am not driving 25 min to get a price refund and she said I can keep the dresses or return them. I asked for a refund and she told me to get back in line and walked off. This behavior is completely uncalled for by anyone no matter what store it is or what their position is. The price difference wasn't huge and I probably would have kept them. I was even planning on doing some more shopping. My mom even had several items in her hand and put them back. I won't ever be back.