Wasn't too impressed with this place. I went for lunch with a couple of friends and had gotten a seat out on the patio. All the tables were quite dirty! I understand that we were seated outside, however, I have eaten at other restaurants before where their patio seating is CLEAN...I guess it doesn't happen at this place. Overlooking the dirtiness, I wanted to give Bootleggers an opportunity to prove my impression wrong through their food. As the waitress came out, I saw that her uniform (which was black) was quite dirty also! Her black apron and shirt was smeared with some red sauce (spaghetti maybe?) and white powder (cocaine maybe?)...Really not appetizing. I did notice that the inside dining had very dim lighting, so maybe she didn't realize that her uniform was that dirty. Nonetheless, it's not something I want to see. She took our drink orders and handed us the menus. Even those were DIRTY! A friend of mine had a coffee stain on his menu and we all had watersauce stains throughout the pages....They should really clean those! We should have left then and there, but NO! I wanted to let Bootleggers redeem themselves through their food. The waitress came back quickly with our drinks, complementary mini garlic rolls, and took our food order (she was quite friendly btw, which was a plus). I had the mozzarella caprese and deep fried cheese ravioli. The garlic rolls were not really warm...well, let me take that back. They were warm on the outside and cool on the inside. Meh, let's say I wasn't a fan. The mozzarella caprese and deep friend cheese ravioli were both were pretty good. Nothing exciting or exceptional though. The caprese needed more balsamic glaze. They just squiggled three lines on the plate. The cuts of mozzarella were nice and thick, so was the tomatoes. The deep fried cheese raviolis came with marinara sauce. There was a good crunch to them. However, once again, these dished were forgettable...which is better than being bad dishes, I guess. Overall, I don't think I will be returning. However, I did enjoy the weather:)