First timers in our group and at least 2 or the 3 of us will not be back. We (two of us) arrived to the table our friend had already been seated at to hear the manager, I presume, say to her You're having a great time, just by yourself, aren't you? as he placed the appetizer she had ordered on the table. After announcing ourselves, we sat and soon after the server, Beth, came to the table. Honestly, I had to check my receipt for her name because she never told it to us. Since we didn't know our drink order right away, we agreed she would return for it. At least 10 minutes later, she returns for what turned out to be our simple beer order. After we had selected our sushi choices for our meal, Beth verbally ran through the choices. After explaining that the rolls will all come out as they are prepared so we are not waiting, our friend asks if the Mango Tango selection can be put on a separate plate as she is allergic to mangoes. After clear confusion on the face of Beth, she stutters out I think we can do that. We were thrown by her confusion. As our first plate of rolls arrived, delivered by someone other than our server, we had no wasabi and no small dishes for our sauce on the table. The soy sauce pitcher on our table was almost empty as was the one on the table next to us. After about 10 minutes, Beth arrives to check on how our rolls taste and we inform her that we hadn't had any due to lack of wasabi and dishes. Beth leaves to get those items for us and tell us to get started with the small amount of soy sauce we had left in our pitcher. The Mango Tango dish arrives and Beth's confusion was answered: the mango was on the side. She had apparently thought we were requesting for the mango to be in the side instead of the meal on a separate plate from the rolls. After our meal was finished and we were chatting and enjoying our company, drinking our beverages, Beth arrives and places the bill on the table, telling us she will pick it up whenever we are ready. No mention of coffee or dessert. When we hadn't touched the check for 10 minutes, Beth checks in to see if it's ready. When we told her we hadn't even looked at it yet, she says If you would like to hang out and order anything else, I can have another server assist you. I have been here since 10 and would like to close out your check. It was 9pm. After the looks on our faces expressed our disappointment with her attitude, she attempted to back peddle and essentially ended up repeating herself and thus, sticking her foot back in her mouth. Not to be insensitive at all, I, myself have been a server and a bartender in the past and I am all too familiar with pulling a double. And I have been stuck at work because of that last table that consisted of people not going anywhere. It wasn't that she wanted to leave, it was the way she told us. I had just worked a full day myself and was about to do it again the next day, in the midst of a 3 week straight work schedule with 0 days off. Once we paid our bill, cash and card combo that again confused Beth, we added our gratuity and our meal was complete. But not before Beth checked her tip while still very much in our range of vision. Oh, and the sushi? Mediocre at best and not worth going back!