At first it seemed as though the Fiesta hotel might be a great place to stay because of recommendations and the low price, but it is definitely some place I wouldn't stay anytime in the near future unless they changed a few things. Better service - many of the staff were not accommodating nor friendly Cleaner roomshotel in general - the carpet was filthy and rooms weren't cleaned well More things for kids to do Clearer rules and amenities - they say Internet is complimentary in the rooms, but desk staff say it costs a certain amount per day and no room coffee Better food - actual hotel food wasn't good, but Subways, Villas, Starbucks was good Cheaper ATM fees - 3.75 is way too expensive to be pulling money out of an ATM Our room wasn't ready when we arrived to check in, but all of our friends who arrived beforearound the same time we did had rooms ready. They told us to check a later to see if a room was ready. Another person, who arrived later than us, was given the room we had wanted, which was right across from our friends. They then proceeded to give us the very last room in the hall, but everyone else from our group on that floor was towards the front of the hall. Eventually, they conceded us a room about a quarter of the way from the end of the hall. When another of our friends arrived with her family, they were given rooms on the floor above us. All three of those rooms smelled like cigarette and cigar smoke. The underside of the comforters in our friend's room was dirty; and after getting help from the maid to remove all the linens and spray the room with air freshener, they found the smell tolerable enough for the night. They gave her a different set of rooms on the Seventh Floor when all of us were on the 2nd floor. We were there for an event and needed a space to practice because none of the rooms were large enough to be a suitable dance space. So, another member of the group talked with the desk people and the manager to see if there was some way to get a room or another place to practice. None of them were of any help. They said they couldn't unlock any of the meeting rooms. Luckily, we discovered that the pool area was large enough to practice. On the second day, the pool was closed without any notification prior to our arrival. The only notification we received was a letter from the hotel stating the pool would be closed all day Saturday and that arrived somewhere around 11pm Friday night. It turned out that the pool had been closed for a wedding reception. And since we were using the space to practice, we couldn't practice. A lot of our group had been planning on leaving Sunday, and many of them had young children who had been looking forward to the pool now had nothing to do and most of them left the hotel to find a suitable activity for their children. Our group director tried to get a comp night for us because of the closed pool and the hotel staff's refusal to accommodate our need for a room, but the manager wouldn't give the comp night. Our director was able to get us a 20 food discount per room. But because much our group had planned to check out on Sunday, many of them were not able to take advantage of this. A few of us tried to take advantage of the discount by going to the buffet. However, they told us that in order to split our group of 8 people into three groups we would not be guaranteed tables near each other. So, we had to dish out 30. The food at the buffet ranged from good to okay to bad. A lot of it was dried out, hard as a rock, or covered with too much sauce. Although there is an arcade, a movie theatre, and a pool available to the kids, the arcade was tiny and half of the machines in the arcade were broken and the movie theatre wasn't showing any movies that didn't interest any of the kids and the pool was closed for an entire day. Kids weren't even allowed to stand by the post in front of the reception desk because it was too close to the machines. The entrances to the hotel should not have slot machines 5 feet from the entrance because there is nowhere for kids to wait if they are waiting for their parents to check in. The air conditioner in our room was noisy and the remote to set for auto startauto off was broken. The seal on the bottom of our tub was almost gone and there were stains on the wall; one of the rooms had a broken ironing board and no iron, which was greatly needed; and, the door of another was not straight and made the door difficult to open.