I came here for my girlfriend's Bday dinner. It was just not up to expectations. Our party of 8 wasnt all there, but they seemed to want to keep us at the bar. Finally after 20 minutes, they finally gave in and let the 5 of us sit down since our other few weren't eating. I found this sort of annoying as the bar was pretty full (we were all in heels) and we asked to be seated a few times.... But OOHH well. Server: Our server was pretty darn occupied with the hostesses. I am in the industry, so I understand how this works. But COMMONNN pay attention to us!! The people in our party had to go up to the bar after we were seated because he was so busy trying to meet the ladies!! Food Quality: Mine was decent. I had the filet. I felt the mashed potatoes were missing something, they were dying for truffle or something savory. My steak was a little over cooked. Issue: A girl at our table's steak was WAY undercooked. Our server didnt come around for awhile, so she watched us eat. They re-cooked the same steak to re-cook it. I think this is NASTY. I would expect this at an Applebees, but not here. EW! Dont but a steak that was on a persons germy fork back on the grill!! Prices: For the food quality.... You must be joking! There are much much better places to eat for the same price. Drink Prices: 16-40 for their drinks. Pretty pricey, but they are tasty. I dont think they are very strong, we had two BIG ones and we were still sober afterwards.... 80 for two. They also didnt do ANYTHING for her Bday!! It was a little awkward. I wasn't expecting a song or dance, but a free shot or a comped dessert would have gone a LONG way. Each person in our party left with a 60 tab. I probably wouldnt go back, its just too pricey for the quality in my opinion. I really wouldnt want to repeat that. I did meet a super nice club promoter for the club next door. He really hooked my group of friends up, you can message me for his info if you need it. He really saved the night since dinner was kinda Blah.