Hello my fellow Phoenicians and snow birds! It's time for another truthful review.... I should start by saying I am not a disgruntled employee just you're average joe on the way to a day trip in the Superstitions. I did read some scary reviews but since there seems to be only one hole in the wall diner in the area we took our chances and here it is in one word... YUK! There was one server and she ran her butt off, although I only saw her once I felt sorry for her as the place was filled. The busboys hauled ass cleaning tables, delivering food and everything else so Good Job to all of you! We got there just past 11 and was told we could no longer get breakfast yet 3 tables around us ordered breakfast so we did too. We ordered eggs basted but I really knew better.... Not everyone knows how to cook them and corned beef hash which I ordered WELL done. Of course the top was cooked well and middle not at all so I asked if they could put it back on the grill to cook it more... As they walked away we heard one guy tell the other to put it in the microwave! Lol When I got it back..... Well, do I really need to tell you? The food was hot but not cooked and the based eggs were literally rubberized.... The yolk was hard not runny as a basted egg should be. One of the guys came back and I told him the eggs weren't basted he insisted the were... I picked the eggs up by the white and it dangled there looking like they were Rubber! I ate the cooked top part of the hash and half piece of toast and my husband ate his bacon and part of the pancake, we asked for our check and told him how disappointed we were and all he did was apologize.... I told him he should be offering to comp the un eaten meal... He gave me a funny look and took back the check and said it would come out of his paycheck! I said absolutely not and told him I would pay and he shouldn't take the loss because the cook doesn't know how to cook! I left a most generous tip and we Left.... We noticed the help wanted sign for server and cook and I do hope they find people quick..... Especially someone who calls themselves a cook and actually knows what a freaking basted egg is! I feel sorry for all the snowbirds who flocked this diner that this is there only choice for food in town and even sorrier they somehow developed a taste for this crud on a plate! The only reason I was generous and gave 2 stars is because I felt sorry for the hard working staff! So there it is, plain and true! Try it if you want..... But don't say you weren't warned! Enjoy the weather and Bon Appetite'