I came to this place because its close to my home and I know someone that went here and her hair turned out nice so I tried it out. I initially wanted to get highlights and cut I showed the receptionist a picture and the hairstylist. I basically told her this is what I want. When I finally say down she explained to me the process before she started she offered me a great deal includes hair treatments or conditioning with cut and colorhighlights for 175. To be honest with you I have never paid that much to get my hair done. Anyways, she told me before she starts that I have to sign this paper to pretty much proves that I agree that I'm paying 175. So when she started she cut my hair first which turned out ok. Because I usually just get my trim before doing anything. Then after that she started showing me swatches on what she thought my hair would look nice in. I showed her the picture of how I want the color again and she kept on insisting on chili when The picture looks like blonde brown and light brown. I told her I want what I see in the picture... After a long process of being in the dryer and washer I thought that the color is finally showing up because she showed a little bit if the strip of my hair. Long story short, nothing changed! I got the hair cut! She offered me products and I bought one! But the color stayed the same from when I came in. I love how she went step by step before she did my hair and she said in time it will slowly lighten but honesty I paid 200 to make my hair look like something got done and it was such waste. I called the salon the next day because how upset I was. I wanted to get my hair fixed..And the receptionist said that Sebastian is not in and my hair lady was off as well. And she was going to leave a note to let him know to call me back. So finally the next day came... I called again Another receptionist answered and she said she thinks Sebastian might not be in today or if he is maybe later in today.... Seriously I paid 200 to get something done and the service is horrible. So for now that's my review on this place! I'll update you if Sebastian ever calls me... 41213. P.S I'm doing my review in my cellphone so there's some that's misspelled or typed incorrectly in sorry because I'm trying to get this review ASAP. Thanks! December 13, 2013 Ok, so it took me a while to get back on updating this review, So a week later I finally got a hold of Sebastian from Amnesia Salon, At first he mistaken me with another client with a black hair, and supposedly he told me himself that my hair won't turn out to be the way it is because my hair color is black. First of all... I didn't even talk to this person at all. I saw him go in and out of the salon and that was it anyways, And My hair no black!! Long story short. He told me to come in and they can fix my hair and he apologized with the situation because he realized that I wasn't that client that he supposedly talk too. When I came in, The hair stylist wasn't there yet... So I waited 15 mins. for her to get in. When she got it in.... She has this Nasty attitude, like she didn't want to fix my hair. So I told her what I wanted and the color didn't show up. She still kept on insisting that it will fade over time. But no way im gonna wait a couple of weeks for my hair to fade and I paid 200 to get my hair done! Get the hell out of here! Anyways, She finally started fixing my hair. She still had this nasty attitude towards me while she was fixing my hair but the hair was done and she fixed it. I love how the color turned out, it just like the picture that I showed her initially! I gave her another 20tip... mind you I gave her 20tip the week before and I gave her another tip this visit. I love how it turned out and I gave her my business card for work. I told her that I will call her in a few months to get a touch up. So that was for her to keep! Few days later.... Sebastian started calling my work!! Like WTF!! It wasn't once... it was about 5 times what my co workers told me at least. He said to call me back ASAP! What the hell.... I gave the Hair stylist my business card for her to keep. So we can keep in touch for business.... And sebastian starts calling my work like a maniac! None The less! The experienced with this Salon was supposed to turn around to a good review until Sebastian started to Call my work! How unprofessional! That is worst than a debt collector! NEVER AGAIN! Avoid this place! It is a bad attitude workers and unprofessional people and pricey at the same time!!