This club blows big time, even though it's still pretty new. It's nice inside (nice compared to my local clubs) and that it's quite easy for girls to get in for free. Also, there aren't lines for the bathroom, and the go-go dancers are pretty hot. The music was pretty good as well - I could dance to most, if not all, of it! Why does this place blow, you ask? Well let me count the ways. 1. Bouncers outside are horrible - first time I tried going in here, a bouncer asked me if I spoke English, because I was trying to decide if I wanted to ditch my guyfriends to get in for free. Didn't go in because I said this club - I'm going to XS tomorrow! and left. 2. Bouncers inside are asinine. They keep shuffling through huge groups for NO REASON! They keep telling my friends and I to move aside, or they walk right in between us dancing. Just because you have a flashlight that you like to play lightshows with doesn't mean you can't walk BEHIND us when clearly, there's a bunch of space BEHIND us. Stop walking in between us, pushing us - I would rather NOT be touched by you every time you want to walk in between us girls. Reminds me of the pathetic staff and faculty we had back at high school dances because my friends got low. 3. Line for re-entry and you need to get a printed paper saying how many are in your group. This is totally bogus - they STAMP you for a reason, so that it's easier to get in. Thanks for killing more trees, Haze. 3. Music was decent the July 4th weekend (better than XS the following night - strange, isn't it?), but there are way too many predatorscreepers here. Guys grabbing my waist, trying to grab my hand, accidentally grazing my derriere, etc. Also, some guy was jumping all around and scraped my ankle with his sneakers. NO THANKS. 4. 40 for guys, seriously?! And they separate the girls from the guys. Guys, just go to XS where the ladies are hotter (beach nights, anyone?) and you either pay 30 for cover or can potentially get in FOR FREE. 5. Drinks were splashing everywhere. Come on, people - don't carry your drinks onto the dance floor! It's that simple! You'll just waste 20 and only get a tiny sip of it before it spills or slips out of your hand. Sorry Haze, you are no bueno.;