For a place open just a matter of weeks The Spot seems to be off to a great start. We arrived to a full house on Saturday evening and settled onto some stools at the bar to enjoy a beer before a table was ready for us. The bar selection was good and the bartender was enthusiastic and welcoming. Built within an old house, The Spot is small; there were only about 10 tables and about 4-6 spots at the bar. Rumor has it there is some outdoor seating but it was a bit too chilly to take advantage of that! They aren't currently taking reservations but who knows if that will change down the road. The ambiance is quite nice; freshly done woodwork, soft lighting, and lined with black white photos on the dark red walls. If I had my choice, the best seats in the house are probably in the bar area or the booths up by the front windows. Two of the booths are right by the kitchen window which has pros and cons; some people love seeing behind the curtain and watching the action. I, on the other hand, find fluorescent kitchen lights to be my kryptonite so I'd rather stick to the more romantic corners of the space. The menu had many tempting options on it for both the vegetarian and the carnivore. Prices were reasonable and a lot sounded tasty. We started with the Baked Artichoke Remikin (6.50) which was served with pickled carrots and crusty bread. We enjoyed it thoroughly; it was a good portion for two or three. For entrees I had the Portabella stew (11) which I enjoyed and the Mister settled on the Wild Boar Sausage (14) and was also pleased. Portions were fair sized, enough for dinner for each of us, not really enough to take home for lunch the next day. Both entrees were served with a side of cooked greens and polenta. The greens were good, the polenta was so salty even Mr.-High-Blood-Pressure himself wasn't interested. This is where The Spot's interest in customer service became evident: our server noticed both of us were bypassing the polenta asked for feedback, which we provided. He did say the kitchen team is still tweaking things and trying to improve everything, of course, so they appreciate hearing customer's thoughts on the food. (Well, you know we're not shy!). We provided feedback on the polenta but assured him that overall they seem to be in great shape. A few minutes later, the owner offered us a complimentary dessert due to the polentapalooza. Yum! Dense chocolate cake, rich and sweet, a perfect end to the meal. I liked the cozy space, it looks like they'll have some fun specials during the week, there were several things that tempted me on the menu, parking was easy, prices were reasonable, service was great.... all in all, we look forward to heading back again.