This would be our second visit to Bouchon, our first being 3 years ago on our 1st wedding anniversary. Boy, I sure forgot about the slow service. To their credit, things went well for about an hour until we were ready for our entrees when we waited...and waited...and waited. Our server walked back and forth, observing my impatient posture and look but never once came over to let us know Oh hey, guys...your entrees will be right out! Okay...now that we have the gripe out of the way, let's get back to the business at hand: Food (in order of appearance) 12 Dz Oysters 1 Dz Mussels - I went with Miyagi oysters which were fresh and briny. The mignonette was my fave condiment for the oysters while the yummy dijonnaise was best for the mussels. The mussels were so good, we ordered another dozen! Cauliflower Soup - topped with fried capers; very rich and creamy and cauliflowery. The capers did much to provide an additional dimension to the otherwise 1D soup. Beet Salad - Red beets topped with some fruit, half crispy with small seeds (like a kiwi). Refreshing! Duck Confit - Served atop halved roasted brussel sprouts. The duck was pure and game-y, as duck confit should be as it's cooked in its own fat. I encouraged my hubby to pick up the bone and gnaw off the crispy parts. Magnificent. Croque Monsieur - served with shoestring fries; appropriately rich with the sauce and sunnyside egg on top but not overly salty like other versions I've had. Gnocchi a la Parisienne - I decided on this dish thinking it would be lighter and make up for all the food we had beforehand. Boy, was I wrong. First off, these aren't potato dumplings. They are pan-fried herbed flour dumplings sauteed with fennel, eggplant and other stuff. I thought it was delicious but the oil at the bottom of the dish indicated it wasn't the light fare I expected. At this point, the 5-6hr drive to Vegas overtook us so we bypassed dessert and requested our check. We realized maybe a long dinner wasn't ideal after we've been on the road for so long! We rubbed our bellies as we headed back to our room for a nightcap and sweet sweet sleep!