I'm only giving this motel a 4 star instead of 5 because I can't imagine giving any motel 5 stars. I have stayed at this motel 4 times now. I stay at this motel because it is close to my favorite mega resort corner, but without the price tag of those mega resorts. From this motel I can easily access the Tropicana or Excalibur for some 5 black jack. Hooters next door has 3 black jack but I really don't like the Hooters Casino Hotel (see other review). I can also go to NYNY to get some Big Apple style eats. On top of all that, the nightclubs LAX and Studio 54 are within walking distance. Although, lately I've been finding myself at the new club in Hard Rock at least one night each stay. The Lobby: Is always surprisingly active and lively. Often times motel lobbies are dingy and quiet with the only sign of life being the person behind the counter - and even that can be a stretch. This motel is much different. There are usually 2-3 helpful staff members behind the counter, 1 attendant at the tourism desk and several guests in the lounge area using the internet. Check-in is always quick and easy. I always buy my internet at check-in. The best Wi-Fi deal in Vegas (only 324 hour period) The Rooms: There are essentially two options at this motel. The upgraded rooms and the standardclassic rooms. The upgraded rooms are actually very nice. You can start to forget you are in a cheap motel while watching your flat screen TV and walking on your faux wood floor. The bathrooms are very spacious with walk-in showers and clean tiling. The biggest downside to the upgraded rooms is the fact that they took space away from the bedroom portion to make room for the larger bathrooms. The beds are much closer together than I would have liked. If you are traveling alone or with one other person, this isn't much of an issue. I was in the room with three other people so it got a little cramped and was pretty disgusting by the time we left because we just didn't have enough space to put everything and keep it organized. There are no dressers if that is something you look for. The standardclassic rooms are what one would normally expect from a motel. Old, patterned comforters, dark carpeting, cramped bathrooms and outdated televisions. The beds are slightly more comfortable than the beds in the upgraded rooms (different style all together) and there is a lot more space in the bedroom area to spread out your stuff. Another advantage to the standard rooms is that you can ask for a room in the quieter building toward the back of the property. If you want space and a quieter atmosphere, I would suggest getting the standard room and requesting such. All of the upgraded rooms are in the building closest to the lobby. Dining: You can have food delivered to the motel easily, but why bother when there is a great 247 bakerydiner right next door called CoCo's. CoCo's is a chain restaurant but still maintains a diner feel and there are rarely any problems with food. In a 3 day period I typically go to CoCo's for brunch, a late dinner and a late night make me sober meal. Plus, if you want you can walk a few minutes more and go to Hooter's or any of the other mega resorts on the corner. There is also a convenience store adjacent to the lobby where you can grab quick snacks and drinks. Pool: I have no idea what the pool is like at this hotel. I never have the urge to use it. I tend to go over to Hooter's, Tropicana or Excalibur to use their pools. Tropicana is always open to the public (although you need to provide your own towel since they will demand a room number if you try to use theirs), Hooter's is open to the public, Excalibur is technically closed to the public (but everyone can easily get a towel before entering the pool area) but they only have a security guard glancing at room keys at peak entry hours. Plus, I'm pretty sure you could flash your grocery store savings card and it would work. I would suggest Excalibur for the most open air lounging space and I especially love the adults only pool area of Excalibur. Cleanliness: The rooms, lobby, bathrooms and parking lot have always been clean. I definitely leave the room much worse than I find it. This motel is definitely my go-to budget room in Vegas.