Yelp defines the five star rating as something that is as good as it gets, and Gordon Ramsay's BurGR absolutely fits that description. I will go out of my way to try and find a great burger, and I've had some awesome ones, but the ones I had here were some of the very best I've ever had anywhere. Ever. First impressions: Being in Vegas it's got that upscale feel to it. We had a short line when we got there, about a 15 min. wait, and the giant interactive menu on the wall is sweet. The bar is very cool with the ice wall behind the taps, and the open kitchen and the flames along the walls are nice eye candy. Service: Service was excellent! The bartenders were great and our server was extremely helpful, knowledgeable and attentive. Love the iPad that you get that shows the drink list and gives descriptions. Draft selection was small but had a nice variety and great quality beers. Food: We ordered the Farm burger, Euro burger and the Brittania, and they were every bit as amazing as I was hoping they'd be. The burger patties themselves were out of this world. Cooked perfectly to order. Moist and tender on the inside, and a phenomenal mouthfeel and chew. The blend of cuts was awesome, and the texture of the short rib in particular was stellar. The natural taste of the beef really shined through, and the fact that they're grilled over a wood fire gives them an added depth of flavor that you just can't get with a plain gas grill like most other burger restaurants use. A burger patty should be good enough that you could eat it on its own, with any sauces or toppings only serving to compliment the protein, and that was definitely the case here. The Farm burger with its duck bacon and quail egg was ridiculously delicious. The Brittania with the mango chutney had a nice sweetness to it. My personal favorite was the Euro burger. The goat cheese and truffle aioli just sent the burger over the top. In each burger the different flavors were perfectly balanced. The jalapeno poppers were really good, as were the onion rings. The chipotle ketchup that came with the rings was particularly tasty. I wish I could've brought a bottle of that stuff home with me. Is it more expensive than most other burgers? Yes. Is it overpriced? No. Could you find bigger, heavier burgers? Yes. Is it any less satisfying? No. Some people have this idea that the more a burger costs, the bigger it should be. Uh, no. The more it costs the BETTER it should be. If all you want to do is pinch pennies and get the biggest burger possible for your money, walk down the street to Fatburger, or find some fast food chain. But you get what you pay for, so if you want quality, if you want the absolute best burger in Vegas, and certainly one of the best anywhere, Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is the place to be. I'm just gonna say it.... there are a lot of reviews by people saying the burgers are just okay, or nothing special, etc. Those people have no idea what they're talking about.