I have been to SW about half a dozen times, and it is still my favorite steakhouse in Sin City. From start to finish, every single experience I've had here has been nothing short of impeccable. Shall we begin? NOTE: Book reservations as far ahead as you can! Putting in a request for a view of the Lake of Dreams doesn't hurt either. This place gets packed very quickly and we've never risked going without rezzys. SERVICE here has always been top of the line. I wouldn't expect anything else from within a Steve Wynn property. Water glasses are always filled and the table is frequently straightened out and picked up, be it actual platessilverware or the microscopic piece of a sugar packet. First of all: THE BREAD. OHHHHH, THE BREAD. While I will skip over their baguette type bread, I cannot rave enough about their cheddar-bacon rolls. Sheer bliss. Just take my word for it, especially if you're a fan of salt. However, there is a drawback...one time we were here, I hadn't eaten almost all day, so I quickly devoured almost three of these rolls. I was full for the rest of the dinner...whoops. THE SALADS: TIP! Make sure you split these with someone else at your table. These lettuce and vegetable concoctions are monstrously sized and are worthy of the cut in half. Caesar: Standard Caesar, but I really like the tangier-and-creamier-than-normal dressing and the Parmesan crisp. (Steve's?) Chopped Vegetable: Phenomenal. The avocado adheres the vegetables together and it is smoooooth sailing. Wedge: Ask for the dressing on the side! Also, there is a large offering of thick-cut bacon on the side, just off the cooker. AMAZING. Uhh...is there a trend with the bacon here? THE STEAKS: I have had steak here each time, naturally. And out of the six or so times, I would say five of them have been incredible. The other one, while good, just lacked that oomph that the others had. I generally get the large Filet and split it with one of my family members or we will get the NY Strip. I prefer the NY. Perfect crusting, locks in the juices and is still immaculately cooked inside to your preference. The trio of sauces you will probably have to ask for; there is a creamy Bearnaise, their house steak sauce (kind of..it's red-ish), and my favorite: Jalapeno Tropical Fruit. Just a dab on each bite really kicks up the taste notch. It's like fruity Tabasco almost. THE SIDES: Black Truffle Creamed Corn: If you don't get this, you aren't getting your full SW experience. So good...you might order a second one (if you have room!) Mac Cheese: Not as memorable as the creamed corn. Kind of boring but still good. Au Gratin Potatoes: Some of the best I've had, but too rich. I always eat the least of these because they're so rich and filling. I know we've had other sides..but I can't think of them at the moment. THE DESSERT: Funnel Cakes: I promise you...this will be the perfect cap on your evening. The 5 or so fried dough pieces come hanging on a foot-tall metal tree presentation, accompanied by a trio of sauces: Chocolate, Salted Caramel, and a Vanilla one. The vanilla one is worth licking the bowl for. Even those are 18 or so...they are not an item to be passed up (...if you have room somehow after the 27 pounds of food you may have just consumed in your 1.5 hour sitting). ...Oh, and the decor is nice too.