It has been 7 months since I last graced the dance floor of Wild Knight. I vowed never to come back to this shitty establishment but one of my friends wanted to go there to see Sean Tyas. I figured that maybe WK read some of the pitiful reviews on here and changed their shit. Nope, they haven't. In fact, I think they actually read the reviews and decided to expound on their absolute worst-service ever. So what happened last night? STRIKE 1: Well, first off, the club was not busy - not at 10:45 when we got there or at 1am. I guess the word is out about how fucking terrible this place is. But really, whatever, who cares - a huge headliner was not there so I can understand. STRIKE 2: I stuck with beer this time because last time the drinks were terrible and they charge Vegas Holiday prices. However, no fail.... they can't even do beer right. What the hell is up with their skimpy beer selection? Oh-yeah! I forgot.... they want to limit you to their liquor and charge you some ungodly amount. So I drank Stella Artois in a can - interesting. STRIKE 3: I like to dance and get into my music. When I am not dancing I like to stand as close as I can to the subwoofer and feel my music. I found my spot and I got a tap on my shoulder from the bouncer Um, move.... you can't stand here. Apparently I was too close to the VIP table. STRIKE 4: So I was there with my Irish friend who this is his last weekend.... and also my friend who was having a bad week. I figured, hey, let's get a shot. I'll go with an easy one - how about a Alabama Slammer Mr. Bartender? No...? You can't make that one? What.... no sloe gin? Gebuz Christmas. What the hell kind of bar are you? STRIKE 5: A couple minutes later.... how about this shot.... a Purple Hooter? What response did I get? A sorry we don't have Raspberry Liqueur would have been sufficient but instead I got dude, come back when you have a normal shot as he threw his bar towel down at me. Fuck off dude. I ended up saying, make me a shot, anything, fuck it. I think he made some sort of lemon drop variation. He's lucky I turn into a lover and not a fighter when I drink because I would have beat his ass. STRIKE 6: I'm standing outside when one of my group comes up and tells me that my brother got kicked out. I asked why and they said that he was too drunk. I laughed, my brother can be black out drunk and still look sober.... and he got kicked out? Get real. I assure you that he was not too drunk as I was drinking the same amount as him and I felt buzzed at most. Kick one of my group out and we all leave. I honestly think that they kick people out just to cause drama and have people walking by think that the club is all exclusive. That and the managers and bouncers have ego problems where they only feel good about themselves if they push people around and treat them like shit. I wouldn't doubt it if they read these reviews and masturbate to them at their work meetings. I had this place on my Scottsdale ban list before but apparently I didn't have it on my perma-ban list. It is definitely there now. Read the other reviews - many others are boycotting this place too. I honestly think that whoever the owner is has a massive insurance plan on his building and he is just hoping that someone will come by and burn it down and they can cash in on the insurance. There is absolutely no other logic as to why any establishment would be continually and aggressively offering the worst service in Scottsdale.