Ok, So I have lived here for almost a year...and am not renewing my lease for what I pay here I could get a nice house or town-home in the same area. I liked the area though and did not realize all the problems I would have upon moving in. My Sales Associate lied to me. I asked pretty specific questions upon moving in. Upon moving in...I was told my Apartment was going to be a 3 bedroom on the third floor with new carpet...and paint...well when it came time to move in the apartment I was suppose to get was not ready, I had no choice because I had already vacated my last place...so they put me in another apartment, with stained carpet, shitty paint and tile and it still had furniture in it from the last tenant...and stuff in the drawers and cabinets...it had not even been cleaned and it was on the 2nd floor. How much is the average electric bill I asked...they said no more then 200 in summer...mine has been closer to 300...nearly twice as much as what I was paying before I moved here for the same size unit. I asked how sound proof are the walls, am I going to be able to hear my neighbors...I live on the middle floor. They said I wouldn't it is a quiet complex, LIE...first night the people above me sounded like they were having a zumba class. If you fart to loud your neighbors will probably complain...and the office will give you a ten day notice for farting to loud. They failed to mention that the pet rent was a monthly charge not a one time fee. And this place is definitely not pet friendly, if you own a dog, and if that dog barks, don't live here...they will try to evict you every week for that one. You will get notices for everything. They also did not explain that I would have to pay for water every month, which took them three months just to mail it to me. So your rent changes every month...it is never the same amount. Um...you pay the landlord the water bill not the water company...sound fishy! This place sucks on all levels, the pictures do not do it justice, the apartments are old, the kitchen cabinets are 1990's, the fountain and grass are all gone, filled in with rocks and dirt. They landscaping sucks. Pool is ghetto, You can only get sun before 4pm otherwise it is blocked out by the buildings. And it is small, it is usually hoarded by fat people and screaming kids. And if anything breaks...it will take maintenance months to fix...because they never show up on time. The management office is a joke, no one is there to help you, they look at you like your a problem, I live in the biggest apartment they have and pay the most rent and pay on time...you think they would try to take care of a tenant like me...instead I get harassed. Worst Apartment complex ever. Do not move in here. Move anywhere but here.