Meh pretty much sums it up in an as not-snobby way as possible, though it's Yelp and meh reviews of triple cash money places ALWAYS sound snobby, so.... well.... shit. This restaurant is ENORMOUS and thus is pretty cavernous on a weekday night at 9pm, which is when we went. As a two-top we were made to wait for 20 minutes at the bar for a lounge table even though the lounge area was only half full and the table at which we were eventually seated was open when we walked in. Meh. We ordered the omakase (125 bones for the Chef's Selection version - there's a longer tasting menu for 175). The first four courses were all sashimi salads. In order: tuna with yuzu soy sauce, seared salmon belly with miso crumble and yuzu soy sauce, hamachi with cilantro, jalapeno and yuzu citrus glaze, sea bass with miso, crispy garlic and yuzu olive oil. ALL YUZU EVERYTHING. The fish was very high quality, but by the fourth course I think my citrus taste buds had punched in their overtime and gone home. Meh. A waiter then brought us a fine-looking plate of tuna sashimi, which our server had to unceremoniously repossess a few minutes later, as it was not part of the omakase and delivered by mistake. We were told that a sushi plate was to follow later. Meh. The fifth and sixth courses were the Nobu signature miso-glazed sea bass with grilled asparagus, which was excellent, and a definitely not-medium-rare steak teppanyaki with enoki mushrooms, which was just okay - meh if you will. The seventh course was puzzling, a bowl of jalapeno-mayonnaise glazed rock shrimp that appeared like an appetizer pulling up fashionably late to the meal progression. We didn't finish it. The promised sushi plate arrived as the eighth course, in the form of spicy tuna rolls. MEEEHHH. Fortunately the dessert was great. Flourless molten chocolate cake, fresh fruit and four flavors of mochi ice cream. It was uniformly awesome. 250 for dinner for two before tax, tip and drinks is not outlandish in Vegas but no one could or should call you snobby for expecting more out of a restaurant that looks this impressive and bears the Nobu brand name. meh