We arrived at the restaurant during early evening on a Thursday. There were only two other customers at the time sitting at a corner table. The female at that table was having an extrememly loud cell phone conversation that we were not interested in. We stood at the entrance for a minute. No one greeted us. Two Asian males were just sitting at the bar chatting, not paying attention to us. One had an apron on with the nametag BAI. The other one just read a newspaper at the bar. So I began to walk over and get a menu from the shelf at the rear of the the two males. I was interested in some spicy Szechuan cuisine. The other two in my party wanted something not so spicy. The female in our group asked if everything was spicy. Bai finally interupted us and stated with a sarcastic glare, the one with the chili (icon) is hot! We agreed to eat here and told Bai that there were three of us dining. Bai immediately attempted to sit us at a small table adjacent to the the loud lady on the cell phone. I gestured to the larger table and Bai asked, how many? We said, Three. Bai gestured us away from the larger round table, towards the smaller table adjacent to the loud female on the cell phone again. Bai stated,you have three, three sit here! There were maybe 30-40 EMPTY tables in the entire restaurant and he refused to have us sit anywhere but near the loud lady. We finally told him that we would like the larger table to make room for the many dishes we were going to try. Bai became disgruntled and we sat at the larger table. As we were looking at the menu items, I noticed that Bai had walked towards the bar and muttered something to his Asian friend reading the newspaper. Bai then turned around and glared at us. I finally had had it and decided that a sour attitude would probably be present during the entire meal. I wish I had read the YELPS on this restaurant prior to considering it. I stood up and stated to my friends that it would be of best interest if we departed now since we felt uncomfortable by the ungracious staff. I should have also noticed that no one was breaking the door down attempting to dine in this awful place. All three of us are Asian, so I don't think there was any unpleasantries due to race. We ended up next door at the Capitol Seafood Restaurant where we were pleasantly greeted and respected during the entire meal. We were even given free desserts, which no one else received that we noticed. We should have waved a 100 bill at Bai as we passed leaving the area, because that is what he lost his restaurant that evening, not to mention this AWESOME review.