There are many Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas, and it's a competitive cuisine to be in. Island Flavor has every right to be confident that they will be sticking around. The Husband first mentioned this place after he saw the sign go up replacing Pho 777. And he's been there a handful of times before I got a chance to check this place out. The first time he went, he was told to order the special and did as he was told. He remembers it being really good and was telling me all about it. The first time I went was to grab a spam musubi to go. It was pretty busy and I was intrigued. (The spam musubi was good too.) The next time the Husband stopped by for a to go order and brought home the special that had chicken in it. I remember trying some and thought it was good, although we weren't too happy about the mac salad. Also brought home a spam musubi too. When I finally had a chance to have a sit down meal there, I ordered the combo (9.75) of Kalbi Short Ribs Tender short ribs marinated in our Korean sauce broiled to perfection and the Furikake Shrimp Jumbo shrimp coated with panko and furikake fried golden brown and served with oriental sauce. It came with two scoops of rice and mac salad. What an order it was! Generous portions of three slabs of short ribs and so yummy! The three shrimps were also a good size and had a nice crust because of the panko. I was pleased. It was definitely a lot, and you will need a box for leftovers. The mac salad tasted a lot better this time around too. The Husband got the combo of Kalbi Short Ribs and Hawaiian Style Roast Pork Served open face topped with our homemade gravy and it was a large size order too. Also served with two scoops of rice and mac salad. They definitely make sure you don't go hungry here. He ate up the whole thing himself, and left with a full belly. As we were leaving, the Husband mentioned it would just be awesome if they offered dessert. I told him they did, I saw it on the menu! I think the next time around he may just save a bit of room for a sweet finish. I wish they offered my favorite - Pork Lau Lau! Overall, food is good and generous. Service comes with a smile and you definitely feel at home here. They get a lot of business, whether it's the weekend or a week night. The owner told us they have two restaurants already on the Big Island, so they know what makes a restaurant successful here. When you're dining in, you feel like everyone knows each other already. It's a nice feeling. They have coupons available on entertainmentbook.com, which we used. The owner also mentioned they have coupons available on restaurant.com too so we should look into that as well. (How sweet is it that they tell you about their coupons?!) This place will be sticking around - check it out for nicer, more authentic Hawaiian fare. (Pics posted!)