This was the most disappointing restaurant experience I've had in a long time. Though I never ate at the former location in Bethel Park, I wrongly assumed that an established business would have good food and good service. The very young hostess seated us right by the door on a day when it was 27 degrees outside. There were at least 10 empty tables where she could have seated us. She just wanted us to sit down so that she could go back to talking to her friend who was sitting at a nearby table. There was a man who I gather is the owner seated at the table next to us who heard us talk about how cold it was. He even watched me put my coat on because it was THAT cold. He had a small space heater at his feet and enough meat on his bones so I assume he didn't notice that it was freezing. I looked past that because I was so excited that the Pub and Pizza building was finally occupied again. We anxiously waited for our server to come and take our orders. We didn't wait too long. The woman was friendly enough but when we asked what they have to drink, she said she didn't know because she doesn't have a list. We asked if they have beer and she said yes then proceeded to list off your standard dive bar drafts and a vanilla'port.' Um.... Porter? We ordered our drinks as well as a pizza and some provolone sticks. When the pizza came she put it on a wobbly pizza stand and dropped off the cheese sticks. The pizza stand was so wobbly I thought the pizza may slide off. The food didn't look good. The cheese sticks weren't browned. They were sad, skinny sticks that were taken out of the freezer and dropped in the fryer. I've had better cheese sticks in a cafeteria. As for the pizza, it was terrible. Soggy and shiny - two things that food should not be. I'm sorry but if you have'pizza' in your name, you should at least have a decent pie. It's laughable considering all of the good pizza in a 2 mile radius of the joint. We finished what we could and wanted to leave but our server disappeared. I went to the bar to ask if we could cash out. The bartender looked at me as if I were an alien. The owner rolled his eyes. He didn't even seem to care that his employees was weren't taking very good care of his customers. Rather than cash me out, the bartender went to find the server. Another 5 minutes went by and she came back to take our card. All in all it was a bad experience. By the time we left we felt like the place didn't want customers. It's sad because they are in a good location. They won't last long unless they do huge business selling bud light and karaoke.