Let me preface this by saying I got the all day buffet for free, and normally it runs 38. And free food always tastes anywhere from 2-2.5x better than food you pay for. Our first day in Vegas we hit up the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort, so needless to say More at Luxor was a step down...literally because the place is located in the basement of the Luxor. That said, it is easily the best food I've ever eaten inside of a basement. If you stick to the normal food here, it's hard to find much to complain about. First we had the breakfast buffet and the sausage, eggs, bacon, and omelette bar were solid and great for filling up to start the day. There were only two things on the breakfast buffet that were so bad I couldn't swallow a bite: the biscuits and gravy, and the sausage and egg burrito. I don't know what was inside of that so-called burrito, but it damn sure wasn't anything I would ever use at home. The biscuits and gravy was more bland than disgusting, and after a night of downing straight shots of tequila with no problem, it should say a lot that I didn't have the courage to take more than one bite of their hard biscuit or nasty gravy. For dinner, it's pretty much standard Hometown Buffet or Golden Corrall food. Nothing here is going to blow you away like you would find at Wicked Spoon or Studio B, but there are a few tasty items to be tried. First, the Buffalo Shrimp are pretty amazing. I've never had Buffalo Shrimp but I had to have eaten 2 plates of the shrimp alone. Second, the carved turkey was very good and paired with the mashed potatoes and gravy, I have to say was surprisingly Thanksgiving-like. So definitely some decent food for dinner to be had but there were more than a few duds. The pizza - Imagine if Digiorno came out with a new pizza called Flavorless. That's More's pizza in a nutshell. The crust and texture were Digiorno, but the sauce and everything else tasted like moist paper towels. The Chicken - I don't know how you fuck up chicken because it has to be up there with scrambled eggs on the list of The Most Impossible Foods to Ruin but More manages to do a great job at doing a poor job preparing chicken. Tons of fat, no flavor, gooey texture, etc. It tasted the way I would imagine chewing on a human kidney would be. So all in all, More is great if you can get it at a discount and stick to basic foods offered in order to recharge your batteries and get something in your stomach. However, if you're spending the full 26 to get int he buffet, I would suggest the extra 14 at Wicked Spoon or heading down the road to Flamingo's Paradise Buffet for the same price.