I've been DYING to try Capital Grill and it just so happened to the bf's boss was taking the team and their plus ones to Capital Grill! Yay!!! Free yummy food all night. Since we were a large group, we had our own lil room with large portraits of unknown men (two to be exact)....the bf mentioned that it was a 3,000 minimum that needed to be spent. We all started off with drinks....my Riesling was not too dry and that's the kind of wine I like. The bf's boss ordered the Coldshell Fish Platter, Pan Fried Calamari and Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella. My favorite out of all of those was the Fried Calamari. I loved how it was a lil spicy, crispy and oh so delicious! YUM! The oysters were HUGE....almost the size of my palm. Everything else was good, but the calamari is what stood out in my mind. For an entree, I decided to go with Seared Tenderloin with the Butter Poached Lobster and a cup of the Clam Chowder. The bf ordered some kind of steak and the Lobster Bisque. This lady at the table was raving about the Lobster Bisque and how it had real chunks of lobster in it. The soups and salads arrived fairly quickly and let's just note that the Lobster Bisque....not so awesome. Clam Chowder was definitely WAY better than the bisque. My beef tenderloins were tender and I believe there were 3 or 4 tenderloins plus the lobster. I thought it was tender and tasty, nothing too special. Lobster was cooked well and was very buttery. I was extremely full by the time my tenderloins came out so I'm not sure I appreciated it to its full extent. For the sides, we shared everything family style. Creamed Spinach, Parmesan truffle fries, Sam's Mashed Potatoes, Lobster Mac and Cheese, Fresh Asparagus with Hollaindaise Sauce, Roasted Seasonal Mushrooms and Au Gratin Potatoes was what was ordered. Out of everything I really loved the Sam's Mashed Potatoes and the Creamed Spinach. The Lobster Mac and Cheese was probably my least favorite....not very flavorful and just not what I expected it to be. The Au Gratin Potatoes had this delightful crust on top which was pretty awesome. Service was attentive and everything was overall fairly good. Nothing was knock me of my chair awesome, but I thought it was a good meal nonetheless.