My wife and I are both Priority Club Rewards members, and we need to tell you of the most unusual and frustrating and unprofessional experience we just went through at The Desert Club Resort Las Vegas. We stayed there through an offer invitation from HI Club Vacations to look at their timeshare resort on arrival date of October 14, 2012. To sum things up quickly, WE WERE NOT IMPRESSED! In fact, we were impressed in a negative way. Let me explain below. It all started a few months before we arrived; we were INUNDATED with 10 phone calls and emails to remind us of the penalty of a no show; and constant phone rhetoric from HI about you must keep this appointment or we will charge you 150 per night times 7 nights. Enough already! I had to request that they put me on a no call list. This finally stopped the calls. Upon arrival, we were again badgered with negative hostility about damaging the room and that we would be charged for damages.We were told that a 250 hold would be put on our credit card, just in case. Some other negative issues we had with the room and the policies are: 1. No shower cap available for my wife 2. I asked at check in for help with luggage (we were on the second floor) still waiting. 3. There should be paper and pencil by the phone in the rooms. 4. Charge for ALL out going calls, including 800 numbers. very tacky. 5. Only one tea and one coffee set up for the full stay - we were told to buy your own. This is not good for HI to promote this as a RESORT. It is more like a upgraded apartment complex. 6. Only one usable mirror in the entire unit. 7. The room is so small that you can not open the refrigerator without moving the dinning room table chairs. The bathroom was so small that it could only accommodate one adult at a time. 8. No towel bars in bathroom. 9. The tub shower was not good for older adults as it was very difficult to step over and into the tub. There was no grab bar IN THE TUB. The shower head was poor as it had no pressure. Now for the worst: .The final insult was that when we departed, they required us to strip the bed, put all linens and towels in the tub, take out the garbage,and sweep all the floors. By the time my wife and I accomplished all of this, we needed a shower and a fresh change of clothes.I do not believe that any hotel management, would expect the guests to exit the unit with this approach. THIS NOT A POSITIVE IMAGE for any Holiday Inn or Holiday Inn Resort!