A Laughably Poor Existence of an Amusement Park for Adults and Children This was my first experience at a Jambo Amusement Park with no knowledge beforehand of what is actually was. I walk in with my girlfriend to check it out with 11 - All Day Wristband coupons in hand and discover that a majority of the rides have a weight limit of 110lbs or 165lbs. We laugh and can't really knock the place for being primarily for young children, the employee offers an Unlimited Laser Tag, Mini-Bowling, and Mini-Golf Adult wristbands for 3 and we take him up on the offer. Upon passing the desk with our wristbands, we discover the following: -Laser Tag is closed. -Mini-Bowling is closed. Right of the gate and 23 things we can only do are closed. After a discussion with an employee, we are given 6 in tokens each for a total of 12. We go to experience the arcade for a total of 20 arcade machines: -The rewards for tickets are pitiful. Chutes and Ladders at 4500 tickets at the desk, dollar store toys located in the ticket reward machine. That's all. -The one air hockey table frequently had issues where pucks would go in and pop right back out, not counting for a score -3 out of 4 of the escalating animal rides that you find in front of grocery stores are broken. -Cruisin' USA started to crash while we were playing it, artifacts appearing on screen and freezing. -So many audio issues - low sound from Time Crisis, no sound from Skeeball, low sound from MvC2, low sound from The Simpsons Beat-Em-Up -We still have over 5 remaining despite playing most of the games (most which cost 2 tokens) and decide to spend the rest of ticket chance games and give the tickets to a child. And for the Mini-Golf - it is poorly constructed. The actual courses can be moved by a person's feet and appear to have been made straight out of someone's garage - plywood and fake grass. The barriers of the courses are too low, so balls will constantly be falling off the course and into others' games. Balls would continue to get stuck underneath the hollow plastic structures. There is no fake grass surrounding the courses like it is in the picture, it is a plain cement floor. Do yourself and your child a favor - don't go to Jambo.