No stars.... I ordered a pizza from Falbo Bros (N. Sherman Avenue) in Madison last July. The usual thick, dense, not good gluten free crust. Very dense. I ordered another one on October 7th. Same deal. I ordered another pizza from them on October 20th and was shocked by the crust light, thin, not dense, and it was AMAZING. But, it was too good to be true my boyfriend (non celiac) tasted it and said it tasted just like his regular crust. I emailed the company that night and asked them if they had changed their crust recently. I told them if they had not changed it, that their kitchen had made a very serious mistake and needed to be much more careful in the future. They emailed me back on October 22nd saying they'd changed it and asked if I liked it. Of course I did it was amazing. So.... I ordered another one on October 23. (PS: I am recovering from major surgery so I have been ordering in more than usual.) October 23 was again, a wonderful crust and my boyfriend said it tasted just like his. My skin was itchy and I spent a lot of time trying to figure out where the gluten poison had come from but figured they had no reason to lie in the email and certainly, they would not have made the same mistake twice. We had a coupon so last week, I ordered TWO gluten free pizzas. Amazing, wonderful pizzas. And I ate them both. And, my skin was itchy, my skin developed deep infections, and I really started to wonder where on earth I was getting into such horrible gluten ingestion. And as with any celiac, I got tired because I was unable to absorb my nutrition properly. I really didn't believe the pizza thing.... so I set out to order some gluten free home test kits. In the mean time, we ordered pizza Monday night for the Packer game.... and what should they deliver but their old, usual, dense crust gluten free crust that tasted horrible. I wrote them a scathing email that they lied about a recent crust change (they had the same crust in July), that they did not ask their kitchen to be more careful, that they charged me extra for gluten free, and that their careless and negligent attitude could seriously sicken someone with severe celiac (though, no celiac would order a gluten free pizza from a gluten kitchen, I am sure.) No email back after I called them out on it. Email copies available upon request. Will do no future business with them after their careless attitude about gluten allergy.