Ok so to start the food is actually really good and consistent. The reason I rated them lower is because of the customer service. I have been several times and usually have good service, however there is one waitress that needs to have customer service lessons. Im not sure her what her cultural background is but she is Asian, prob thirties or late twenties. The last time I went there was with a group of seven. On this occasion, there was plenty of seating but there was a sign to wait, so we did. There were two waitresses one was white and one was Asian, both saw us and continued working, one was even clean a table. The after about 5 minutes the Asian lady came over to us and sat us at a table. The first thing she said to us is How are you planning to pay? I thought that was really strange and kinda rude. Im used to waitress telling u about the menu before discussing money, we looked at each other with a puzzled look and answered her and that some of us were paying cash and some were paying credit cards. Right away she responded, i can't do that. I can only take up to 4 payments. we tried to figure who had cash and if we needed to sit at separate tables in order to have lunch (literally talked about payment stuff for ten minutes before we were allowed to look at the menu). After we go that worked out, she gave us a minute to look at the menu and came back and stood at the head of the table and requested our orders, requiring us to yell across the table to place our order over the noise. Isn't it a common technique of waiters to walk around the table and the order, unless your at a booth and there is sonly on place to stand? I felt it was rude. To make it easier, I placed my order over the phone as a to go order, that way she didn't have to worry about splitting the bill and the number of payments she could take. To this day each of us talk about this experience and how we are not planning to go back. I really do like the food and want to go back but I'm tone on supporting that type of customer service. If I go back my order will be to go 100. No need in staying there, I rather eat at the picnic table by the movie theater than be in there with that customer service and feel obligated to tip someone who isn't doing their job from a customer prospective. Overall I think they could improve their customer service, especially for seating. I typically wait about 5 minutes and every time I have gone it has always been between 2 and 25 full.