I went here for the first time with my friend. She said she's been here more than a couple of times and she said it's good. So I said why not, lets try it. We came in, it was very very slow. We were the only customers. And this is during lunch time which is normally noon. Right as we walk in we were greeted by a lady that could barely speak english let along understand english. We got to choose our seat, the booth. We were given menus and 3 minutes later the same lady came back and took our orders. I wanted a small at first but when she came back with our waters that definitely tasted like tap water....I changed my mind to get a large because I wanted to take some home for my boyfriend. She couldnt understand me at all, I said it at least five times that I wanted a large and then she just walked away and got another lady that could unserstand...so I told her what I wanted. So probably five minutes later we got our sprites which is pretty much filled with ice to the top..and we got our orders as well my friend (shrimp pho) mine (vegetable pho). Our food got to our table pretty quick. Like it wasnt even ten minutes. As I was taking a sip of my soup and eating my vegetables I noticed at least 10 of my vegetables had dirt on them, they were literally turning black already like they were rotting in the fridge and the kitchen still wanted to serve these vegetables. I picked them out and put them on another plate. I could say out of all my vegetables I didnt eat one cabbage at all because there was black stuff on them....like how unappealing! No one wants to eat food with black stuff on them. The broth was good but what really grossed me out was the vegetables that were already turning black!!! I don't think I'll come back here again. It's way overpriced for bad pho, with vegetables literally rotting in my pho. I don't want that and I dont think people should even be eating that!! that's not healthy at all. Yes they do have an A rating, but that's useless and basically fake if your vegetables and food in the kitchen are rotting and you still serve it to customers! That's just a health hazard! Who knows what else they serve that is rotting. This place needs to live up to better standards. Maybe THEN I will come back and try their pho again.....but not for awhile. I can't stand looking at my vegetables all dirty and rotting in my soup.