le sigh I really didn't want it to come to this because well, as a vegan there are very few places I can go to eat, but after disappointment after disappointment I'm sorry to say I will not be coming back to Pura Vida any time soon. This was my letter to Chef Mayra after the Titanic x Hindenburg disaster that was their Valentine's Day dinner. I hate to say it but I am livid and a bit appalled after tonight's Valentine's dinner. We paid 75 for 15 courses; you gave up after 12, and a couple of the courses were thrown plated together last minute instead of being the separate courses they were advertised as. When you pay for something, you should receive it. Not only were we denied the extra courses, but it took forever to get them - you asked us to come early and that dinner would be served 6-9 PM; the first course wasn't even served until 6:40 PM. We left at 10 PM (we had plans at 9:30 - oh well!) confused as to where the rest of the courses were. There was very little explanation or communication and definitely poor planning. As a vegan I was excited for this opportunity and have eaten at your establishment many times, as well as referred you to others, but this will most likely be my last time. My husband really wanted this year to be special, but it was a huge headache. If you do this next year I hope you severely edit the menu and the prices so everyone leaves satisfied and at the designated time. You knew how many people were coming well in advance and should have had a test run of some sort. The only semblance of apology came from your servers when the food was not being served in the beginning. My husband is now even complaining he's still hungry as we didn't eat earlier in the day to fit this event in! This is one of the worst of not the absolute worst restaurant experiences I have ever been privy to and I hope to never repeat this episode of Vegan Survivor ever again. I appreciate that everything is made ready-to-order, but when you're serving FIFTEEN courses to 40 guests who you asked to arrive early and did actually have a definitive ending time of 9 PM, you have to make sure it goes smoothly which it did not. My husband and I were starved for over an hour before the food started coming. We estimated our time of exit by how quickly the food was coming out and it should have ended past midnight! Completely awful. A bunch of people left (and I wish I were one of them), and I'm pretty sure every single person left unsatisfied. This establishment has absolutely 0 business acumen and it is going to hurt them. You don't even have to watch a couple episodes of Kitchen Nightmares to realize Pura Vida is doing it wrong. If you have to come out and explain every menu item as well as feel the need to put pictures of the food in the convoluted menu, as a diner you should run immediately. Now I was going to give Pura Vida the benefit of the doubt since they did email the patrons and offered the rest of the courses, we just had to email give the time we're coming in. Which my husband did. And apparently he had to confirm back which was not explained whatsoever. So he is currently at Pura Vida waiting for them to make the final meal we will enjoy from there. I sincerely wish Chef Mayra luck (she's going to need it!) but I will not be back. P.S. To the servers - good luck, you were the best part of the place, always trying to make it work when you are as confused as the customer, and I hope she supplies plenty of aspirin for the hourly headaches you have to have from working there.