Boy oh boy! This is definitely one of the shows that should have a big poster board in bright neon and bold letters in the box office entrance that states: IF YOU ARE EASILY OFFENDED, TURN AROUND AND GO WATCH A FREAKING MUSICAL! This production is definitely one of the few shows that holds nothing back, literally. If you are a white or black, skinny or overweight, liberal or conservative, they will touch upon anything and exploit to the nth degree. It pulls no punches and instead it actually tries to delivers a knockout shot each and every time. Most people leave after the minute in the first round. Clearly stated, if you are easily offended, this is the worst show you will have ever seen.... if you can handle taking a few jokes, it might still be the worst show you have ever seen. Simply put, you have to BE the worst person in the world for the 1.5 hour show to truly enjoy it. Based on the crowd reaction as well as amount of people that still flock to Absinthe, many of us are absolutely cruel people. (Har har Har) All in all, for myself, I couldn't stop laughing in this show. It's just bad for all the right reasons. The Gazillionaire pretty much opens up the show with a blitzkrieg with enough ammunition to lay waste to everyone in the tent. No holds barred and you can see the audience tensing up as they have no idea what's in stored for his verbal barrage soon to come. Penny the trusty a filthy mouthed sidekick is just as crude if not more.... she has her monologue (if that's what you want to call it) and I can't tell you the kind of faces I've seen in the audience who were NOT laughing. About 90 percent of us were almost going to have our stomaches collapse on us but the other 10 percent were in face palm mode. Great stuff though. Oh wait.... Did I forget to mention it was a VARIETY SHOW? Absinthe is built around the tasteless and profane comedy but in it's entirety is reminiscent of a 50's traveling circus act. From acrobats, trapeze, tight rope walking, bizarro acts etc.... they provide a little bit of everything to amaze audiences in a small confined space. There is a little bit of singing and dancing but nothing to divert the act from anything less than a circus show. The performers that night were all on point. Didn't see any major mess-ups and all of them put on a great show. My favorite were the roller skaters.... it was exhilarating since they were performing pretty risky maneuvers on such a small platform right in front of the audience. The Gazillionaire did a great job introducing and selling the show to the audience all the while still making us laugh. To finish up this review, I really do believe this is probably the top 2-3 shows in town. As long as you have an open mind and is willingly ready to enjoy the debauchery it's just a great time. Totally would recommend it to adults and maybe some older folks. Definitely leave the kids at home... it's 18 up but even 18 year old kids should wait on this one. I'm 24 and I've been corrupted by'Penny's Puppets Hahahaha