Worst experience ever! If I could give this place no stars..... I would! Me and the hubby decided to try something new for our 10 year anniversary and we chose Le Chalet. We made reservations and asked if they did anything special for anniversaries. They said no but they do like to recognize them so the gentleman that took our res said he would note it. Well when we arrived they sat us in the middle of the bar. It was the least romantic location they could of sat us in! But hey...I wasn't going to complain. We ordered an app that was recommended by the waitress. It came out quickly but the bacon on it was practically raw....but hey...I wasn't going to complain. 1 hour after being sat we still did not have our entrees. Never complained because the waitress came to our table twice to say it's coming right out. After the first time she said it...a table of 4 that arrived just a few minutes after us got their food. Then she came back again and said it's coming out now...and it did but it stopped short at the table of two that had arrived 25 minutes prior. That was it...we stood up to go and the chef and waitress came over and said our ticket had been lost...and that sort of thing happens etc. Then another gentlemen who was seating people but not us tried to correct me by saying we had only been waiting 55 minutes not a full hour. I was floored. Look we were one of 4 tables total in the place. This kind of thing happens I'm sure but not to a place that is failing so bad that they have a whopping 4tables. If you don't mind bad service then at least heed my warning on a place that no joke serves you raw pork. If that still doesn't bother you then at the very least don't go for a special occasion. They are the worst....all around! Update: This is what the owner sent to me after reading my review. Apparently he thinks I created a fake account under the name Robert which is hilarious at this point. This is no way to win back a customer. If he read my review he would see that his eyes in the sky match up with everything I said...except he is taking the side of his horrible front of house staff instead of listening to a customer who's story is not new. Look at past reviews and you will find the same problem over and over. Check it out...this is how not to treat a customer! Hi Jennifer, Robert and Shawn Anderson, I am one of the owner of le Chalet. I read all tree bad reviews on yelp. I always try to get to the bottom of things. We are sorry that your ticket for your entre got misplace. We tried to make it up to you then. I even ask the manager to call you and invite you back to make it up to you. However I had the possiblilty the see your event on my Video camera. Yes I have eyes in the sky. That help me to know the truth when I am not there. I don't want to react before I know all the facts. Your stayed was between 6:05 PM to 6:55 PM during this hour You have your drinks and a split Flammenkuchen which you took 10 minutes to eat it all. Unfortunalty your order was lost and it took us 20 minutes to realize it. Again we are sorry it happened. But you desided to blow everything out of proportion then and on your review. Even twisting the truth little. Why created extra profile to bring us down? Never on the tape you complained about your sitting or on he food that ate. So it is very hard for any staff to be able to read your mind. Believe me if it is something wrong with my food I will call the waiter and I won't eat it until is fix. You did look at the wine list after you finished the presume raw bacon flammenkuchen. But never place an order. I could see the waitress talked to you after you looked at it when she was refiling your ice tea. When we realised the mistake my partener the chef tried to talk to you we were ready to fixed it. But you decided to make a scene and left with out paying your check for what you ate and then trash us on yelp. We are a private own restaurant we don't have the luscury of big corporation. It is stuff enough out there for new business to have someone to trash us. We knows me and my partener are born in America. However we do employed 27 born american people which are glad to have a job and really try to do there best of what they know. Unfortunatly human error could happen and if you cannot deal with human error. I really don't know, how you could live in that imperfect world. I am ready to invite you again to our establishment to fix our mistake to make you feel better. However I need you to calm down and review the fact. And try to be fare this time. Thank you Alain P. Keller