In this paper, a novel experienced deep reinforcement learning (deep-RL) framework is proposed to provide model-free resource allocation for in the downlink of a wireless network. The goal is to guarantee high end-to-end reliability and low end-to-end latency, under explicit data rate constraints, for each wireless user without any models of or assumptions on the users' traffic. In particular, in order to enable the deep-RL framework to account for extreme network conditions and operate in highly reliable systems, a new approach based on generative adversarial networks (GANs) is proposed. This GAN approach is used to pre-train the deep-RL framework using a mix of real and synthetic data, thus creating an experienced deep-RL framework that has been exposed to a broad range of network conditions. The proposed deep-RL framework is particularly applied to a multi-user orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) resource allocation system. Formally, this resource allocation problem in OFDMA systems is posed as a power minimization problem under reliability, latency, and rate constraints. To solve this problem using experienced deep-RL, first, the rate of each user is determined. Then, these rates are mapped to the resource block and power allocation vectors of the studied wireless system. Finally, the end-to-end reliability and latency of each user are used as feedback to the deep-RL framework. It is then shown that at the fixed-point of the deep-RL algorithm, the reliability and latency of the users are near-optimal. Moreover, for the proposed GAN approach, a theoretical limit for the generator output is analytically derived. Simulation results show how the proposed approach can achieve near-optimal performance within the rate-reliability-latency region, depending on the network and service requirements. The results also show that the proposed experienced deep-RL framework is able to remove the transient training time that makes conventional deep-RL methods unsuitable for. Moreover, during extreme conditions, it is shown that the proposed, experienced deep-RL agent can recover instantly while a conventional deep-RL agent takes several epochs to adapt to new extreme conditions.