We study the problem of testing identity against a given distribution with a focus on the high confidence regime. More precisely, given samples from an unknown distribution p over n elements, an explicitly given distribution q, and parameters 0 e, d 1, we wish to distinguish, with probability at least - 1 d, whether the distributions are identical versus e -far in total variation distance. Most prior work focused on the case that d O (1), for which the sample complexity of identity testing is known to be Th (n e 2). Given such an algorithm, one can achieve arbitrarily small values of d via black-box amplification, which multiplies the required number of samples by Th (log (1 d. We show that black-box amplification is suboptimal for any d o (1), and give a new identity tester that achieves the optimal sample complexity. Our new upper and lower bounds show that the optimal sample complexity of identity testing is Th (1 e 2 (n log (1 d) log (1 d for any n, e, and d. For the special case of uniformity testing, where the given distribution is the uniform distribution U n over the domain, our new tester is surprisingly simple: to test whether p U n versus d T V (p, U n) e, we simply threshold d T V (p, U n), where p is the empirical probability distribution. The fact that this simple "plug-in" estimator is sample-optimal is surprising, even in the constant d case. Indeed, it was believed that such a tester would not attain sublinear sample complexity even for constant values of e and d. An important contribution of this work lies in the analysis techniques that we introduce in this context. First, we exploit an underlying strong convexity property to bound from below the expectation gap in the completeness and soundness cases. Second, we give a new, fast method for obtaining provably correct empirical estimates of the true worst-case failure probability for a broad class of uniformity testing statistics over all possible input distributions - including all previously studied statistics for this problem. We believe that our novel analysis techniques will be useful for other distribution testing problems as well.