The obvious original purpose of these policies was to ban student groups that would create unsafe learning environments for other students. For example, Neo-Nazi student groups would be an example of something we would generally wish to avoid, lest they start attacking Jewish or other minority students and creating unnecessary conflict. I'm not a fan of censorship, but I can at least see how this is reasonable in situations where there is real danger of inciting violence. However, these policies have been given extremely wide interpretations as of late by the student unions who administrate them. They first started being used to ban nonviolent MRA groups and shut down Men's Resource Centres. They have also been used to ban Pro-Life student groups. They have even been used to ban the Campus Gun Club, which does nothing but teach gun safety and organize trips to the range. There have also been attempts by some universities to ban Conservative and Libertarian groups altogether, but so far at least these attempts have been, to my knowledge, unsuccessful. In short, they justify banning groups on the basis that they could cause distress for people in a vulnerable position. For example, there was much discussion of gun violence and the effect on minority communities when they banned the gun club (which was of course completely irrelevant to what the gun club was actually about). However, that justification is clearly bogus. If we went by that standard, many other groups would need to be banned. For example, the Marxist Club would need to be banned because it is offensive to students of Eastern European and Latin American descent. I personally find it offensive (although I would tolerate it if they were willing to tolerate the other groups). The Feminist group, which is often extremely disruptive and hostile in their public demonstrations would need to be banned. The Pro-Choice group would need to be banned for being offensive to Christians. And so on and so forth. However, there has never been any hint of banning these groups, presumably because they are left-wing and the type of student to get involved with the student unions agree with them. I think this is an unfair double standard, and these policies should be scrapped entirely or rewritten to provide an objective standard of enforcement CMV. Source: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!