I believe that the underlying message for children's stories are overlooked for the more entertaining merits of such media. To be palatable for children, the authorscreators use various techniques to grasp the 'ADD' minds of young children. Some being, humor, outlandishness and fantasy. I think these techniques are what young children grasp onto the most, and they are not really getting the essence of what these stories' values are. One example I can think of is the King Friday in "Mr. Roger's Neighborhood." I read a comment a while back that his character helps us realize that having blind faith in our leaders is a bad thing, and that we need to question authority. While I have no problem interpreting it that way now, I'm not sure I grasped that as a young child. All I saw was a funny puppet character. Another example is "The Emperor's New Clothes." The emperor and all of his subjects and servants all collectively deny the obvious fact that the emperor's new clothes are invisible to himthem, each for their own egocentric reasons (wherein the moral of the story, I believe, lies). Only a young child calls out the emperor on his nakedness, not knowing the implications of not seeing the 'clothing'. Despite that the obvious break from the social normalcy was brought on by a child, I still remember only laughing at the emperor's nakedness and stupidity, and not taking much more away than that. Please change my view. I'm not against putting these values and morals in stories, nor am I suggesting I would like to take the 'fun' out of media made for children. I just believe a vast majority of children are missing the underlying drive. Perhaps I was a slow child, perhaps these values were subconsciously instilled in my brain as I developed. Edit: I realize my view is based pretty much solely on my experiences as a child and that may not be representative of children as a whole. I guess I'm looking for someone with experience with this, possibly a elementary school educator, or a psychologist who has studies issues like this. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!