I'll start off with my personal anecdote. In my life, I've worked jobs in several fields doing retail, tutoring, tech support and fast food. These jobs had a pretty wide base of people of various income levels and intelligence. While I started working I had the pre-conceived stereotypes of the dumb jock and ditzy sorority sister. Working in retail and technical support I saw increasingly that the customers who got angriest and most frustrated at simple things tended to be less attractive. The same thing happened for tutoring later in college. A lot of students came for tutoring but it was the less attractive ones that seemed to really struggle. While it's pretty easy to accuse me of confirmation bias I want to stress that my bias flipped directions based on personal observations. I also believe I'm a somewhat unattractive guy who's a slower learner then a lot of people so I'm really not doing my ego any favors holding this view either. My conclusion is that social Darwinism, despite it being used to justify classism and racism, has had a measurable effect. I don't think it's unreasonable to believe that intelligence would be used to find more attractive mates. Also intelligence would lead to a better chance at wealth and power and in polygamist societies it would mean intelligent males would have a higher chance to have more children with multiple females. While In a monogamist society, someone who is both smart and attractive would be more likely to find a mate who is also smart and attractive. Finally, a quick internet search on the subject returned this paper stating: "In the United Kingdom, attractive children are more intelligent by 12.4 IQ points (r .381), whereas in the United States, the correlation between intelligence and physical attractiveness is somewhat smaller (r.126) " Just a disclaimer so I don't sound like a total ass, I'd like to stress that I generally try not to judge people by looks as much as I used to. Anyone can be a genius or moron when you get to know them but I simply believe there is a statistically significant amount of people of attractive people who are smarter. I'm open to this view changing since it does feel unfair but right now if I have to make a snap judgment of someone I see no reason not to choose the more attractive person.