I'd like to preface this by saying I am by no means an expert on the subject and thats part of why I'm posting. My general understanding of the topic is as follows: Conspiracy Theorists (I use this phrase descriptively not abrasively here), think it feasible that some secretive and powerful elite (not a huge fan of that part) would like to see the world shift to a global society replacing nation states. So, the way I see it the world would be a better place without individual countries. We live in a society that is globally connected but the political world is the least internationally cooperative of all facets of society. Charities, religious organizations, businesses and even criminal enterprises manage to operate internationally far more productively than governments do. Humanitarian and legal efforts would be less convoluted. Everyday life and business could be simplified. I know people always get called ignorant or ethnocentric for saying things like "why docent everyone speak english," but a global language system could be set up (not necessarily english). It seems like a global government would be able to decrease the radical economic, health and educational disparity. The fiscal resources to fix hunger and decease and poverty in third world countries exist and a global government would be directly responsible for all of its citizens. As an aside a since of global responsibility would also reduce things like bigotry. An objection I can see coming up easily is that the positivity of a global nation state would be dependent upon who's in charge. People aren't so easily oppressed and a global government (or any government of any meaningful size) couldn't last without the consent of the governed. The way I would envisage a global nation state would have to operate is in a way that allows former nation states to operate as administrative districts. The part that initially makes me cringe (the bit about the worlds most powerful people setting everything up) seems less intimidating under further examination. It seems obvious that any major geopolitical movement would be associated with the people considered to be the most powerful at the time. Thats how it always has been. The US's founding fathers weren't the proletariat masses they where the rich folks in a position to do something. It we look at the influential figures in history they tend to have already been 'powerful' before they did whatever we've decided makes the influential. I'd like to close with a few points: I'm fairly certain the nations of earth will not get along well enough to agree to something like this in anyone reading this's lifetime. I by no means claim to completely understand the opinions of people who believe in (myself not being one of them) the new world order. I'm mostly posting this because I want to hear the argument against a new world order not because I'm super in to the idea. Change My View. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!