First let me say, that I support US action in Iraq and up to the border. The fact that we have the authorization from the government as well as a local and reliable military force in the region to work on the ground, means that action in Iraq is much less risky and not equivalent to war. I also think that the United States has a responsibility to stabilize the country in the wake of what was in my opinion, the biggest foreign policy blunder in United States history. My last preface will be that I think the beheading of the two American journalists is an abhorrent and brutal act that both saddens and angers me deeply. However, I think that action in Syria by the United States will backfire enormously, and that our intervention in that nation will only complicate and worsen matters as well as get more Syrians, Iraqis, and Americans killed. 1) Actions in Syria could spark a war between the United States and Bashar Al Assad. Assad has already threatened to retaliate, and has said that he will treat strikes in Syria as act of war by the United States. Syria has NOT welcomed strikes like Iraq has. More than that, Assad has fighter jets and knows how to use them. If he were to shoot down a manned aircraft of the United States, that would undoubtedly draw us into full scale war in Syria. 2) There is NO reliable ground force in Syria to secure bombed territory, or provide intelligence. Furthermore the weapons provided to Syrian "moderates" would only most likely [be sold to ISIS] . Syria is in anarchic state, and throwing more weapons into that will only serve to destabilize it further. The same moderates also [sold Sotlof to ISIS] . They're not our friends, and we don't exactly have a good track record when it comes to arming rebels. 3) This would be a complete political disaster for the United States, and would only serve to weaken our political standing with the rest of the world. Assad will cry that we are invading his country, we have no actual standing internationally to do this, and the language can shift pretty quickly. "The US is invading a sovereign country doing whatever it wants, over and over again," "The West needs to mind it's own business," "Look at how the US is persecuting us," and so on and so forth. We will not be able to pick up the pieces after we go in, and innocents will be killed no matter what we do. We would also be putting ourselves in the position of mediating a fight between sunni and shia factions. We've done that before and it did not work well for us. On top of all of that this makes us look somewhat hypocritical and like we are taking sides, because we did nothing about the brutality of the Assad regime. 4) This is exactly what ISIS wants. While they have made threats and warned the United States to stay out of it's business, they have also prayed to fight against the US. Bombing them in Syria will boost sunni recruitment because they can cry that west is unfairly targeting them, it will also lead us to fight with Assad as previously mentioned, which will not only help them, but hurt us financially and politically. It's taking out two birds with one stone for them. The journalists they killed spent their lives bringing the stories of prosecuted and suffering people to the forefront of the world's attention. I don't think they would want their legacy being that they were successfully used as pawns to bring more chaos to Syria or to bring martyrdom, money, and weapons to the very people who killed them. 5) This would be a new war, no matter what anyone says. Bombing hostile territory is an act of war. We are not welcome there, we would be killing hostile forces, and preemptively attacking someone. While I think ISIS deserves to die, this is still an act of war. I think we as a people have been slow to learn the lessons of the Iraq war. We still react emotionally and irrationally to barbaric acts. This trumped up language of patriotism and revenge will only get us into trouble as it has in the past. It amazes me how quickly the American people will turn around and listen to the same people who screwed up so badly last time around. We should be player in the national stage, but we have to act responsibly and rationally. True patriotism is not taking revenge but acting to protect the rights we hold sacred in this country, here and abroad. That is why it is my opinion that bombing Syria is not rational or responsible foreign policy on part of the United States. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!