So, I've been a lurker long enough to see that the majority of posts are about much more serious topics, but this kind of came to mind when I read [a post in rpaydaytheheist] where the OP was complaining about the DLC essentially containing nothing. From my point of view, I kind of saw his post as just complaining for the sake of complaining, and I'm going to take the liberty of equating the Gage DLC for Payday 2 to pretty much every other gaming DLC. In this particular post, the OP was complaining about a few things of the DLC, mainly that it contained little content, two which 23 of my responses were as follows: 1) Developing games is a business, it will always be as such for the majority of game developers. And as such, DLC costing money will always exist to pay off both future development of paid DLC as well as future patches to the game. The idea that game devs supporting their game just out of sheer love for it is a nice idea, but without monetary incentive, the vast majority of companies will not further support their games through either of the means stated earlier. 23) If one deems the particular DLC not to be worth its price (assuming the DLC isn't priced exorbitantly high), I don't think there's any reason for the user to feel compelled to buy it in the first place, or even really complain about it, for that matter. And in that case where the user is compelled to purchase the DLC or to complain about it, the user has already evaluated the DLC to be important to their gaming experience for that particular game, which would seem to me, that they have evaluated it important enough to warrant the price that the devs have placed on it (again, assuming it's not priced exorbitantly high). Since buying DLC further supports the devs, and that the DLC isn't necessary for the enjoyment of the game, I don't see why people complain about the price of the DLC. It seems to me as if they are just complaining so that they have something to complain about. Enlighten me, CMV?