This is from my experience as a 23 year old. We grow up with a lot of bull shit that is fed to us. What our parents tell us What the media tells us What school tells us What society tells us Things like What we should eat What we should be Who we should be like What we should have What we should think Now a lot of these things are not blatant "you should be a lawyer and make it rain with cah" (although some people may have that). Over time, the conditioning runs it's course and we are on our merry way to how we should be. However. When we drink alcohol, that voice in the back of our minds finds the strength to creep out and speak up because the [big bad lizard brain] scumbag brain has been put to sleep with alcohol. The voice that says "bro. if she says no then so what. you're life isn't over" "hommie. the dude sold rocks to people. why don't you believe that you can start a business" "brosef. stop acting so helpless. you control your fate. you can do what you want." Our dreams are endless. Our potential limitless. We feel god like and other people's perceptions don't affect us anymore, allowing us to be a "true" version of ourselves. Now I'm not saying all of the qualities that come with being drunk (anger, being stupid). Just specifically the part where our inhibitions to: ask that girl out start that business you've wanted to start create the art you've always wanted to create are released. people are unhappy because they are not doing the things they want to do. they do what is expected of them. I find that alcohol has the ability to put my ego to sleep and not worry about what others think. Resulting in me being me. not a conditioned version of myself. i'm becoming less inhibited each day and I love it. (not because of drinking. but because I'm becoming aware) life is full of unnecessary bull shit. alcohol sweeps it away. yes. I am drinking right now. EDIT: my statement is phrased incorrectly. I didn't mean literally drunk with alcohol. but the effects of being drunk (through awareness of the states between drunk vs sober). I don't drink often. this is just a realization.