I am a liberal, and I believe that America has much work to be done in increasing the ease of upward mobility. There is also more disparity in the amount of work that needs to be done to achieve the status of a given social class when one is born into a high social class vs. a lower one in America compared to say, Norway (a country often noted for its high social mobility). However, that being said, the American school system is on average way easier than anywhere else, and it is therefore way easier to achieve good grades in than in Norway, and getting the amount of scholarships necessary to pay for school is thus way easier. Americans also have many fewer social barriers between classes than do Europeans, so once one has moved up the difficulties will be fewer (though not nonexistent). However, it's still hard to move up a social class. I can speak from personal experience, as a middle-class person I will have to work exceptionally hard to get through law school, and even after that I will have to work exceptionally hard at any legal job that will pay me enough to be in the upper-middle-class (considering the debt I'll have to incur because my family is middle-class), and with the additional educational and cultural barriers that poor and even working-class people have I can only imagine it would be much harder were I poor or working-class. TL;DR: It's hard as shit to move up in social class in America but still easier than anywhere else. Edit 1: I'm grateful for the large number of responses I got for my first point but anyone wanna challenge me on my second point? Open up a new front, by all means! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!