I would consider myself a Nintendo fan. In my opinion, Nintendo has historically had, by far, the best first-party games of any console. Mario, Zelda, DK etc. will be the series that will forever be tied to society's perception of what a game is. I also believe that the N64 was, when compared to the standards of its day, the best console ever made. That said, they have dwindled to a niche company that is pretty much limited to selling to gamers under the age of 12, and adults who are willing to buy an entire console just to play Smash and Mario Kart with their friends while high (I am one of those people so I don't judge). I have a PS4 too, and would say I spend at least 75 of my gaming time, and well over 90 of my gaming budget on games for it despite adoring all things Nintendo. The reason for this is simple. The third-party support for Nintendo is shit. It's nearly impossible to find a decent game for the Wii or Wii U that isn't first party. And the reason for this is obvious. The wacky controllers. Aside from a limited number of applications that get old real fast, these controllers are awful. How are devs supposed to make a good game for them? Even when playing first party games that are optimized for them and that are stellar in quality, like Twilight Princess and Super Mario Galaxy, I find myself wishing I had a normal style controller in my hands. IMO Nintendo could have created a console that was, in essence, a clone of the PS4XB1 and been way more successful. Third party devs would make all their games available for it, rather than shit-quality ports that come out much later (ie Watch Dogs). This would, in turn, encourage way more people to buy the console and, more importantly, games for it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!