The overriding campaign strategy of the PLO, the PLA, and many of it's affiliated groups (included Hamas and Fatah) has been to convince Israel and the world that they deserve the right to self-determine their own nation state, and that it should exist either instead of Israel or as a separate entity with equal international standing. This campaign has, to put it mildly, been an utter failure, with the end result being bad for all parties involved (but particularly the Palestinians) for four main reasons. First, hard-line factions in Israel will never accept the loss of parts of their territory to those they believe aim to destroy their society and people, and these factions play on this existentialist rhetoric to embolden themselves politically by playing to the fears of otherwise moderate Israeli citizens. As long as the Palestinians are still actively committed to statehood, this nationalist rhetoric is still opposed to a concrete enemy who, at least in some sense, is actually trying to 'steal land' from Israel. As a consequence, it is much harder for pro-Palestinian policies and rhetoric to gain traction. Secondly, the Palestinian focus on statehood and the countered refusal to accept such a radical policy by the Israeli government has radicalized both sides, leading to terrorism from the Palestinians and equally unacceptable military campaigns and embargoes on humanitarian supplies by the Israelis. This entrenches the hatred both sides feel for each other, and makes reaching solutions harder by the day. Third, statehood, even if successful, would require international support to recognize and then assist a fledging nation (because the closest nation to assist them, Israel, almost certainly wouldn't want to help what they have historically and publicly viewed as a threat to their existence), and would likely result in Palestine existing as an exceptionally poor new country, open to both higher rates of criminality and exploitation by radical factions, which would hurt Palestine and international willingness to invest and support that nation (see LibyaEgypt). Fourth, while the campaigns for statehood occur, Palestinians languish in horrible conditions and lack access to essentials like food, clean, water, and medicine. Additionally, they lack educational and judicial infrastructure, which means that not only the current generation of adult Palestinians are doomed to a lack of employment options and access to justice but the next generation is increasingly likely to be trapped in the same cyclical poverty. Moreover, Palestinians exist as individuals in a sort of Israeli legal gray area, which makes arbitration of crimes and issues within these communities difficult, and makes prosecution of Israeli citizens for harms done against Palestinians very difficult, if it even occurs at all (particularly in instances of sexual abuse by soldiers and in land claim disputes like settlement building). So why is a campaign for citizenship better? Three main reasons. First, it is far more likely that citizenship will be accepted by at least several major factions within Israel. This is because a campaign for citizenship would likely stress the similarities, rather than the differences, between Israelis and Palestinians, a feeling that the majority of (generally left-leaning, secular) Israelis would receive warmly. Moreover, the offering of citizenship has been attempted by Israel in the past, and a Palestinian attempt to gain citizenship is one of the strongest ways to endorse the right of the State of Israel to exist. You don't want citizenship if you don't believe that the institution granting it has a right to exist, and I believe that many Israelis would pressure their leaders to accept what is essentially a Palestinian olive branch and end the spectre of conflict that most middle class secular Israelis resent as created by the nationalism and violence of past generations. Moreover, it would be within the interests of liberal Israeli political parties (such as Kadima or possibly Yesh Atid) to push in the Knesset (Israeli Parliament) for the extension of citizenship to Palestinians not only as an endorsement of their liberal ideologies, but because new citizens represent a massive new voting bloc that could be tapped to their political advantage against more hard-line opposition (such as Likud). Second, I think that the international community (particularly the US, China, and Russia) are far more likely to support the right of Palestinians to become Israeli citizens than it has been supportive of statehood. The right to self-determine is extremely difficult to articulate to several nations, especially when those nations have regions and communities that want to take advantage of it (Chechnya in Russia, Tibet in China, etc.). Although Russia or China has comparatively little stake in the Palestinian-Israeli issue, it doesn't want to establish a policy of validating foreign self-determination movements because they lend power to similar movements that they want suppressed. Claims to citizenship are the exact opposite, though. They are a recognition and an expression of subservience to an established nation, and represent a desire to participate in the existing process rather than rejecting it. If Russia or China endorses the expansion of Israeli citizenship, they do so while also sending the clear message to their own hopeful self-determinants that the way to gain recognition and support is within the system, not without. For America, the reason to support citizenship is expressed daily with the ideology behind Israeli support in the first place: "The Middle-Easts only andor strongest democracy" (whether true or false) is how Israel is represented to the world, and if a group of marginalized individuals within the claimed borders of Israel are seeking representation and rights as Israelis then I have a hard time seeing how many Americans wouldn't endorse the policy. Finally, and perhaps most importantly, I believe that Palestinians as individuals would be far better off as Israeli citizens than as independent Palestinians or their gray area status quo. As citizens, Palestinians would be fully entitled to Israeli social services, education, judicial infrastructure, and consumer demands. This would mean that their essential desires (food, water, medicine) would not only stop being blocked by the Israelis, but they would be able to legally request assistance and get it as Israeli citizens themselves. In terms of education, Palestinians would have access to not only Israeli standards of public schooling, but also the chance to translate these opportunities into higher education and better life standards. I believe that many of these individuals would return to their communities and that more educated and skilled individuals would improve the lot of all Palestinians. Access to judicial services would help in the access to public counsel that Israeli citizens are guaranteed which would make prosecution of abuses far easier, as would the fact that such claims would be coming from a citizen of the nation rather than a refugeepolitical-gray-area person. Finally, if Palestine were to become a region of Israel properly and its citizens became Israelis, then Israeli businesses would have huge new markets to tap into, which would benefit Palestinians by creating jobs and bringing in new goodsservice, and would benefit Israel by growing their economy. All in all, I think that the campaign for statehood has been a resounding failure that, even if it succeeded, wouldn't actually be all that great for Palestinians. Although I don't think citizenship is likely to occur overnight, I think a concerted effort by Palestinians to campaign for equal rights as Israelis has a far better chance of success and would be, on the whole, better for them. CMV.