For some background on myself, I'm purely atheist. I have formed my beliefs solely on scientific knowledge. I believe that we, as a species, have evolved from single celled organisms, contrary to many of the religious explanations for our existence. With that being said however, I think religion is a very important part of a healthy society. The first major reason I think this is I believe there are some parts of life that are too dark for us to deal with effectively. This recently hit me when I was comforting a family friend who had recently lost his son to suicide. The father was somewhat religious and the only thing that brought him any comfort was the fact that his son could be up in heaven, and that he may see him someday. As an atheist, I personally felt that his son was gone and never going to return. However I felt it would be most appropriate to hide my atheism, and just try comforting him with the idea of him reuniting with his son someday. There are many similar situations that can be found when looking at some of the dark aspects of life. In these situations, I feel that if there were no religion, there would be many more mentally unhealthy people in our world. A second reason I believe religion to be beneficial to society is the sense of justice that in instills in many of it's followers. Religion provides this in many different ways including Karma, going to heavenhell, eternal rewards or punishments for deeds, etc. What all of these forms of justice have in common is they are all very reliable. You can't hide from KarmaGod in the same manner you can hide from the law. I think it's a positive thing for a society's people to believe that there will always be justice. Without this belief, many would be more likely to commit crimes, feeling they could get away with it and face less consequences. Furthermore many who see unpunished injustices would be more likely to take things into their own hands. For example, if a man encounters an unfaithful wife, then without religion he may choose to seriously harm her. Many would argue that "you don't need religion to have moral integrity." While for most of us I agree this is true, I still believe there are many in our society who WOULD be less moral without religion. I acknowledge that religion has done some harm in the past, but I still feel that, practically speaking, any healthy society must embrace religion to an extent. I try to keep an open mind to all sides, so by all means Change My View.