My assertion: Gender identity is not a social construction, but is almost entirely based on genetics. Gender roles may slightly based on social constructions such as culture, but gender roles are ultimately rooted in real, measurable, biological differences between men and women. For example, there are more men than women in STEM fields because men are generally more biologically inclined toward science. There are more women in social and philanthropic fields because women are generally more biologically inclined to them. Similarly, men do not rape because our culture teaches them to, but because they are biologically inclined to (I'm male) and the sexual drives between men and women are fundamentally different, with men being designed for promiscuity and women for selectivity. I am not implying that social construction does not influence these things to some degree. But I am saying that if society existed in a cultures vacuum these gender differences would still emerge. My evidence: The sexes are essentially as old as life. Across virtually all species genders are evolutionally designed to fill specific roles and invest in different mechanisms to perpetuate their genes (think Dawkins). To pretend that humans are the exception to this is absurd. It is a near (if not completely) universal feature of world cultures that there are innate differences between genders. All cultures divide labor between men and women with women doing more child rearing and men engaging in hunting and warfare. Accounts of tribes with warrior females are largely fallacious and originate from research that has since been disproven. Rape and proscriptions against rape are culturally universal.Furthermore, rape is overwhelmingly committed by young men. If rape was a learned behavior that was about power rather than sex we would expect it to persist throughout the lifetime of a male. Similar patterns of rape are present in primates. Differences in cognitive abilities between men and women (e.g. men are better at 3-d spacial analysis and women are better at picking up social cues) are observed in other primates. Androgens male" hormones) and estrogens female" hormones) have a lasting effect on the development of the brain. Their effects are not simply transient. The brains of men and women are visibly and measurably different. Among other differences, men have larger brains (even when correcting for body size) and females have more gray matter) Women preparing for a sex change who are given "male" hormones improve on tests of 3-d rotation (a "male" ability) and get worse on tests of verbal fluency (a "female" ability). Women with higher levels of testosterone exhibit more stereotypically "male" behavior such as increased promiscuity, less inclination to smile, and even a stronger handshake. A study examined 25 boys who were born without a penis and then castrated and raised as girls. All of them showed male patterns of play as children and more than half spontaneously declared they were boys. People born with turners syndrome have one X chromosome and are therefore genetically neutered. However, people with turners syndrome that got their X chromosome from their father (which is biologically designed with female traits) show more stereotypically female behavior. Those who got the chromosome from their mother (which is biologically designed for male behavior) exhibit more stereotypically male behavior. Why am I posting this: I was trained in the constructivist school of thought and generally believed that genders were a social construct. Recent reading has changed my mind. I would like to test the soundness of the new evidence presented to me. You're sexist!: No I'm not, but the moral and other implications of gender differences is another subject. The tl;dr version is that first, it makes no sense from an evolutionary standpoint for one gender to be "better" than the other. Science alone disproves sexist viewpoints. Second, just because the average traits between genders are different does not make it ok stereotype and discriminate against others. People should be treated as individuals, not representatives of their genderraceclass. Finally, the differences I outlined are averages, not universals. Yes, some women are more aggressive than some men and some men are less inclined to promiscuity than some women. These people that vary from the mean are not wrong or broken, nor should they be forced to change or denied certain rights or opportunities. They are simply different from the mean and that should have no bearing on their standing in society. Edit: A lot more responses than I anticipated. I'll try to get to everything but it may take a while. I need to take a break for a bit too. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!