It has been 107 years and counting since the Chicago Cubs last World Series championship. Every year Cubs fan gain optimism that this will be the year where this horrid curse finally ends. What makes 2015 different then the rest of the years? The Cubs were awful in 2014 along with many previous years. They finished in last place in their division and fourth to last in all of baseball. However this will be the year that the Cubs will finally win their first world series in 107 years. The Chicago Cubs are one of the youngest teams going into the 2015 season. While some critics may believe that this will be their downfall for the upcoming year, Kansas City's playoff push last year gives many young teams hope that they can repeat their success. The Cubs are considered to have the fourth best odds of winning the World Series coming in at 101 and there is a lot of speculation that they can win it all (Bodova). Now a days many teams build their roster around young rising talent and veterans that can guide the team in the right direction. The Cubs are taking on a unique approach of having very little experience, but with that comes a ton of variables. In previous years the Cubs have been made up of journeymen that have made their way to Chicago and have nothing to gain from being here. Now that the Cubs roster is made up of kids that are trying to prove themselves, there is a chance that the Cubs can develop a winning mentality. All these kids are incredible competitors and this is the first year they all have to prove themselves. If these players want a shot of being successful in the league this is their year to prove it and this will ultimately lead to the Cubs being very successful. The Cubs also have a guaranteed World Series championship that was shown in the hit move Back to the Future 2. While this movie was made as a joke to predict how the future would turn out, the movie made the bold prediction to say that the Cubs will win the World Series in 2015. While we all understand that this means nothing, the Cubs will have a lot more support and the feeling of destiny on their side. As long as your not a White Sox's fan, if your team couldn't win the pennant wouldn't you want the Cubs to win this year? It would be incredible to witness some radical prediction that was intended to be a joke actually become reality. In addition to support, some Cubs players came out and said that they feel that they are destined to win it all this year. Cubs number two pitcher Jake Arietta claimed, "I know in 'Back to the Future' we win it in 2015, which is kind of crazy, to say the least. We'll do our best to make sure that happens." While this silly prediction means nothing, players and fans across the country will want to believe in it. On a more serious note the Cubs have all the pieces to have a competitive team this year. The Cubs are currently ranked the number one farm system in baseball. This means that the Cubs have the best minor league programs in the MLB. When a team can manage to be atrocious for so many years they are going to have a lot of up and coming prospects. In 2014 many of these prospects began to make their MLB debuts such as Jorge Soler and Javier Baez and have been producing great numbers. Soler saw instance success with batting .292 and driving in 20 RBI's in 25 games (ESPN). Baez on the other hand struggled a bit in the majors but had 23 HR and 80 RBI's at the triple AAA level. Along with those two the Cubs have the number one and four ranked prospect Kris Bryant and Addison Russell. Bryant was the number two overall pick in 2013and Russell was received in a trade in 2014 for Jeff Samardzja and Jason Hammel. Bryant tore up Double and Triple A last year recording 43 HR's and 110 RBI's while batting .325. Rusell had to deal with injuries last year so his stats aren't as impressive but he still managed to bat .295. Both of these players are projected to have breakout years and become household names for every baseball fan. Along with their rising prospects, the Cubs main position players are all young exciting talent. After having years that were drastically below expectations, Starlin Castro and Anthony Rizzo had great bounce back years and hopefully they will continue to grow into future all stars. The Cubs number one pitcher last year Jake Arietta sported a 10-5 in 25 games pitched record while recording a 2.53 era. To go along with him the Cubs signed Jon Lester who is one of the best pitchers in all of baseball. Finally the Cubs have an established bullpen, which is one of the most important pieces in winning the World Series. Anthony Castrovince ranks the Cubs with the seventh best bullpen in the MLB. In addition to the solid core of experienced players the Cubs also have one of the best coaches in baseball Joe Maddon. Maddon had a ton of success while he managed the Tampa Bay Rays. While coaching there he received two managers of the year awards and also got the Rays to the 2008 World Series. In addition to these accomplishments, he managed to do this with one of the youngest teams in baseball. Having all of these pieces in place for the 2015 season will make the Cubs one of the strongest teams in baseball. While it's difficult to guarantee the Cubs will win the World Series next year, they will definitely be in the hunt. The biggest worry for the cubs is the strength of the National League. The NL consists of the reigning World Series champs along with many strong teams such as the Dodgers, Nationals, Cardinals and the Pirates. Furthermore the San Diego Padres appear to be a mirror image of the Cubs so it should be interesting to see how both of these teams pan out. The Cubs have all the pieces of a championship contending team and this will be the year where they will break the curse and capture another World Series Championship. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!