Disclaimer: I have not watched the movie. I was linked to the video of the speech by a friend and watched it out of context. However, I have read about the movie and it seems to agree with me, as the movie has nothing to do with actually selling real estate, but the salesmen screwing one another over. A lot of people say this speech is motivational and something which everyone needs to learn. But I disagree. I don't see anything motivational or meaningful in the speech at all. The main glaring problem with the speech is that it doesn't offer any specific advice. The character only says "You need to do better, you need to do better, you need to do better" over and over again without actually saying anything meaningful. Now if he actually offered specific advice on how to manipulate the weak leads into closing, that would have actually been useful and showed his mastery of the business. But if he did that, he would have actually been called out on the fact that it's impossible, and getting into the specifics is hard. It's like a quote I once heard, "If you need to refill the coffee machine, your boss will walk you through every step. If you need to draw water from a rock, your boss will just say 'make it happen. This is the problem with sales quotas. You are judged on the actions of other people, things that are mostly out of your control, and while the company seems too afraid to actually explain how you're expected to profit, saying that you should know that already. This is called "deference of blame." If someone tells you to draw water from a rock, and you can't, whose fault is that? It's theirs, for having unreasonable expectations, not yours. But if they can blame it on you for being incompetent, the issue of their unreasonable expectations will never be addressed, and the company will never actually get better. And if you somehow meet those expectations (likely through cheating or fudging the numbers), that only tells the company they were right to have the expectations, and will only raise them. It's a no-win situation. Which leads me to my next problem with the speech: Baldwin's character is just as cowardly as he's accusing the salesmen of being. I think the message of his speech is quite clear: "You need to be manipulative bastards. You need to get into their mind and lie to them. You need to hide stuff in the fine print. You need to cheat. You need to threaten and blackmail them. You need to sleep with your clients. You need to steal money." Yet, he only implies all that stuff, especially by the "brass balls" line. He doesn't say it outright because it would sound bad. And it sounds bad because it is bad. So he's a coward for not saying it. Imagine how much more provocative the speech would have been if he would have stated that all outright! Can you imagine his character saying "I'm giving you all free subscriptions to the gym, because damn, who would buy anything from a bunch of pudgy-looking losers like you?" I mean, if you're going to get psychological, of course Baldwin is a great salesman. He's tall, handsome, has a deep voice, is rich and has an expensive car. It has nothing to do with the quality of the real-estate, but the command his character holds. Just looking at him, he intimidates other men and is attractive to women. He could sell you a lot in the ghetto, and you'd sign the dotted line before you ever realized what happened, just because he'd never give you an opportunity to say no. Of course he's a better salesman than everyone else in the room. The advantages he has are very clear. So why doesn't he say that in his speech? He's obviously implying it. And it really says something that the rest of the movie is about the salesmen trying to cut one another's throats, rather than actually improving their sales pitches and techniques. That's exactly what this kind of pressure and mentality does to a company, it just causes it to collapse in on itself through internal lies and backstabbing and creative accounting. So you can't even say that the speech was effective as a motivational speech. So, is his speech a good example of what the real world is like? Hell yes. But is it one that should be in any way heeded by the viewers themselves? I'm really not convinced. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!