The discussions I see about markets and economics typically treat labor as any other goodservice, usually applying a (simplified) supply-demand model to determine its price (wage). I believe this is incorrect for several reasons. balancing market forces do not apply to labor. A major premise of the market is its nature to self correct. If the supply of hammers grows too great for demand, people will choose to make less hammers, or to not enter the saturated market, etc. Through various forces and means, the excess supply will return to equilibrium. Labor does not follow this though. No amount of excess labor will lead to reductions in supply, or limit the growth of that supply. People cannot decide to "manufacture" less labor, and the excess cannot be stocked at a warehouse to reduce supply. Further, labor that was being used but no longer (loss of old job) places it directly back into the prime supply, unlike a used hammer. Labor breaks conventions necessary for the market to function. A product cannot be sold for less tha it's cost of production and be considered a valid model to the market (barring subsidy). Any business that makes a hammer for 10 and sells it for 8 will and should fail according to market theory. It is acknowledged as an unsustainable model. Labor does not follow this either. Regularly I will hear how labor doesnt make enough to cover its cost of production at certain jobs, but the business itself is profitable, the opposite of what we should expect. I would expect fast food places for instance to fail going by market theory, as it relies on inverted practices. Production costs return. We mitigate this with welfare, but market supporters wish to remove this as they say it impacts the invisible hand. labor cannot be sidelined I mentioned above that labor cannot be stored until better demand is available, like hammers could, but it goes beyond that. As per our social beliefs as a society, labor must be sold or subsidized. All labor supply must meet its cost of production or the system fails. This is akin to a situation where every hammer made must be sold, which is unreasonable using only the supply-demand models. Further, labor plays secondary roles in the system. Aggregate demand is necessary to keep the system going, and treating labor only as a good ignores and complicates this secondary roll it must play.