I think depending on what you want out of life, there are key advantages to being either a man or a woman. Given what you want out of life, there is definitely discrimination that you will face as a man or a woman. That being said I think if you counted it up, feminism is slightly more correct (but given historical and geographical perspective, i would rather be a woman in modern western society than be a woman any where else in history or in the modern world. People who want real equality forget that were closer than we've ever been to an ideal that has never existed). I don't want to hear about prison, murder, rape, or other statistics about how one gender faces a higher risk (these follow a similar line: I would rather be a man in modern western society than any other place or time now or in history). I'm talking about male physical strength being an advantage, about female purchasing power.. etc. I think the patriarchy is bad for almost everyone who wants freedom in western society (i'm referring to these issues as we face them in my home country, the U.S.A). I think if you are a "macho," stereotypical manly man, who doesn't like expressing feelings and loves sports, or if you are an attractive woman, who takes stares, or rude comments in a more positive "flattering" way, who wants to become a trophy wife (I know a college student much like this, who has no complaints about the sexual misconduct done to her, and claims that she wants an "mrs" degree, and spends more time attempting to "become more domestic" than pursuing her future career) you benefit from the patriarchy, but men who don't conform to our stereotype of masculinity, and women who want to make their own way are both oppressed in many ways by the patriarchy. What I'm trying to say is that feminism and mens activism are two sides of the same coin, and making it an "us vs them" is exactly what the patriarchy "wants" in order to hold it's position. Just how a political party would benefit from its rival party splitting in two (democrats in D.C benefit from the current splitting of the republican party, because they can gain more ground if their previously united opponent now fights itself as much as it fights them). This is why I consider myself a family rights activist. I recently have become disillusioned with egalitarianism, and humanism, as terms." Family rights" doesn't have to be necessarily about families, but is the idea that we can have a group where men and women can voice their concerns with the patriarchy in the context of "we're all in this together" instead of turning it into a contest of who has it worse. I think a family rights group would focus on realistic equality. Realistic equality means not interpreting a man's higher chance of being murdered or a woman's higher chance of being raped as societal discrimination. Again, all these groups need to think about the questions they are really posing. Asking all men not to rape is like asking all humans not to murder: if it worked, we would have had world peace centuries ago. I'm talking about discriminations that are condoned by society. Mainstream society does not condone these crimes, we punish them.