I've seen many folks from all backgrounds and beliefs complain that businesses make too much profit and are therefore greedy. Firms need to either share more of it with their employees or have their taxes raised so they don't have as much left. Moreover, businesses who make too much profit are somehow hurting society because the money is not reinvested into the economy. This line of thinking is just wrong and it bewilders me how some otherwise smart people get hoodwinked into this absurd belief. First, the profit that a firm earns is transferred to a bank which holds the money, that is otherwise known as savings. The bank then lends against this asset to other firms and individuals. The more deposits a bank has the greater ability it has to create more loans and generate more economic activity. This in turn raises the nation's GDP. Second, excessive savings (profits) are usually a sign of a healthy, well-capitalized firm. It is also a sign of a high current ratio (as it known in finance) whereby it signals that the firm has the capacity to pay off its debts in a timely manner. A robust balance sheet means the firm is capable of reinvesting those profits back into the firm, expand its business, acquire other firms, or pay its employees more. A firm that is thinly-capitalized has a hard time doing any of these things and is in danger of failing if it doesn't fix its books (accounting term). Third, excessive profits does not automatically mean the owners will loot the firm dry. An argument that has been used to decry too much profit has been that the management will take the excess for themselves while shafting the regular workers. Most firms of any size have strict compensation rules that prevent the managers from skimming off the profit for themselves. Moreover, there are laws that prevent such looting of the firm if it cannot be justified beforehand (as in an established bonus system). Public companies already are regulated by the SEC as to executive compensation rules. Whenever you see that an executive at a public firm got X millions of dollars, it is already known to investors through SEC filings. To summarize, the argument that firms that enjoy from time to time "excessive" profits hurts the economy and society in general is economically obtuse and factually absurd.