The basis for my view hinges on people not actually wanting to be sad. So, as of late, the idea that whitegirl36889 should not be upset about her crummy first world suburban mishaps because there are people literally starving-to-death, alongside people being tortured or murdered, is being met with the canned response of 'just because others have it worse doesn't mean you can't be sad'. I get this. In a sense. The feelings of 'sadness' are no doubt triggered by any mishap, or may even be a combination of problems suffered by an individual over any amount of time. However, I've gone through some subjectively dark times of my own, and I decided that for the most part, I don't like being sad. On occasion I will entertain some upsetting thoughts to experience that aspect of life, but for the most part I don't perceive being sad as constructive to my daily life or my advancement as a person, so I look for ways to diminish those feelings. One of those ways that has helped me, was to put things in perspective. Realize that there are people starving, people who don't have a fraction of the quality of life I enjoy, and suffer amazingly barbaric lifestyles on a daily basis. And so far, regardless of severity, I'm able to, on some level, rationalize my way out of sadness or at least prevent it from snowballing into depression. So I'm rather confused when people who are sad That claim they don't want to be sad Are presented with a perfectly reasonable excuse not to be sad And then have their sadness reinforced CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!