When you enter into a contract, the expectation is that the terms are to remain consistent. Although there may be provisions for what happens when someone violates the contract, simply changing them without notice is ridiculous. I admit recently contracts have began to change while in place, but this is only recently and as a result of increased reliance on the concept of intellectual property, and it's still a fairly murky issue anyway. The issue I have with mandatory national service is that, assuming the government is a "social contract," it by nature is a "shifting of the terms." When you're in service, what's expected of you is obviously different than when you're not in service. I may completely disagree or object to serving under a military code of conduct, or whatever it may be. I'd also argue that the "social contract" should be given MORE scrutiny as to its extent than a normal contract. You have to typically reach the age of majority to make contracts of any validity, and typically have options to not make a given contract due to the nature of private competition between businesses and persons, or certain things not being necessary. When things are a monopoly, or difficult to not have, there's regulations so as to ensure bargaining power isn't completely out of hand. The "social contract" is in place since one's birth, non-optional, and very difficult to find a different alternative given immigration laws, and non-liquid capital. Given that it's a bit of a stretch of the terms of a contract already, I don't think it would help to give it even more elbow room. Quite simply. if a government can make its entire body directly work for them against their own wishes, it can do anything, and I feel that power could easily be abused. Of course the draft should be instituted in certain cases where the nation's being directly invaded, but I don't think such places could ever apply in the modern era. It certainly wasn't justified any time it was used in the past; forcing people to serve in the Civil War, even though it was valid, sets precedent for forcing people to serve a country being justly rebelled against, and every other time the draft was used the US wasn't being directly attacked, with the exception of WW2, where the front very quickly drew away from US territories. I feel as if the draft should have been dropped when that happened. In the modern era, if the US was invaded, it would either be by a major power (in which case nuclear options would be in consideration) or by small decentralized clusters (which an army without training would be very little help against). Either way, the draft would be a bit useless. Yes, it could produce positive results, but I don't feel as if the possibility to produce those results is worth giving the government so much extra authority.