So, i've been browsing this sub for a while on my account and decided to make a throwaway because i don't want friends knowing how depressed i am. I fucked up my life from early, 13 years old banned from every school in the area..I sold drugs i had fights i committed a lot of crime up till the age of 16. I met a girl who was beautiful and i got a job to support her and her kid etc, kinda turned me around a lil. But i never felt "right.."I had ADHD when i was younger and saw a psychiatrist for my outbursts of fury. Then when i turned 16 the help stopped, i stopped taking my medication for it and felt "better." I still had this anger inside me i knew was there and it scared me. I've hurt people before, i didn't know what i was capable of. I was in my head a lot, talking to myself about things convincing myself to never go outside, i went to work and came home. My girlfriend came to me, i played video games and ate fast food. Fast forward 2 years and i have a break down, i was working in construction and ending up beating someone with a brick. Shit was tough, i had to go to anger management, by this point the conversations in my head happened without me being involved, freaky stuff. I had to disclose this information in order to receive the right help. That's when my life folded, therapists and psychologists immediately involved and i'm terrified of whats happening. A few weeks go by with all this shit and i've basically been told i've got a form of psychopathic schizophrenia, that i'm too volatile to be in a workplace. They're right but it sucks to hear. Fast forward 3 years, i'm 21 now and doing better. I've kicked the cannabis and am looking to be working again by this time next year. But i'm terrified, I have nothing really, i'm a grafter and a passionate learner but i have nothing to back me up apart from references which are years old by now. I don't want a shit life on the poverty line, i really want to see the world, see america and live..I haven't lived in 45 years i've been stuck in a shit place tormenting myself everyday. I don't know what the fuck i can or can't do, would people even employ a potential psychopath? Regardless of how much i have control over it? It's a terrifying thought and i don't know what to think right now. Please tell me there's a way to have a future, like i said im a grafter and i LOVE learning hands on so effort isn't short in supply. Thank you in advance. Edit: Gotta go to bed i have psychology in the morning. I will respond to all comments. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!