One thing that has always struck me as odd, even in a democracy, is how elected officials are allowed to complete override the advice of professionals in the subject they're making policies for. I think in addition to elected officials, there should also be councils of professionals and experts in a given field that work in co-operation and actually have authority on-par with the elected official. I don't understand why an elected official should be allowed to completely override an experts advise- especially if the elected official has little to no education in the part of government they're working in. A good example would be the science committee for the house of representatives is made up of climate change deniers and creationists- and their decisions are allowed to reflect that. At the moment a politician can listen to say an environmental or agricultural adviser, and if they don't agree with them they can just say piss off and do what they want instead. The unfortunate truth is the public usually don't care about this simply because they do not understand the importance of these subjects like an expert in the field would. So it won't change the way the public vote, and therefore these bad decisions can be made over and over again. If advisers and experts actually had some authority in government, not only will their expertise actually be utilised and not overrided by elected people that don't know any better, but also there will be more consistency between the terms of different parties. I honestly cannot understand why we think elected people with no expertise can be put in charge of a certain part of the government they have little to no understanding of. There are thousands of experts in these fields that can actually put together workable long-term policies that actually make a difference, and aren't continually changed and overrided every time a new party takes over. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!