I have lived in a major city for the past seven years and it's a city in which you can expect to encounter multiple homeless people every day even when just walking a single block to the store. I used to be the type of person who would look at the situation with a sympathetic eye and a genuine desire to help even in some small way. But, recently, I have been cultivating a lot of anger towards the homeless in general for a few reasons. First of all is the manipulative nature, in varying degrees, that many homeless people seem to have. Not all of them are malicious or confrontational but I can't shake the feeling that even the polite ones are lying or abusing other people's guilt, however mildly it may be. This perception that I have increasingly overshadows any compassion that may be there. Second, and this may just be a situation where a few outstanding individuals are simply more visible than the majority, I see at least 5-10 instances a day of straight lack of concern for their surroundings including other people and especially the cleanliness of the city in general. Examples include purposefully wandering into traffic during busy hours and angrily insulting anyone who tells them to get back on the sidewalk, urinating and defecating in almost every corner, littering directly next to trashcans, screaming obscenitiesfighting at all hours (including at 3 in the morning causing the shouts of 'you stupid faggot bitch! you faggoty ass ner!' to echo into mine and everyone else's windows), creating massive structures of tents and blankets on high traffic sidewalks, and things of that nature. I've lost count of the amount of times police have showed up to break up a fight directly in front of my building between the homeless that regularly inhabit the surrounding few blocks. Third, which sort of ties into the first, is the type of guy who's strategy is to strike up a random conversation with you and then bluntly transition into a request for money within ten seconds. If you don't give them money, they immediately ask for a cigarette and if you refuse them one, they ask for one of the beers you are carrying, and if you refuse them that then they may just say something like, 'well you gotta give me something'. It's as if everyone is simply a vending machine in their eyes and this makes it very difficult to treat them with respect as they have none for you. I feel a strong lack of any effort at all, from the majority of them, to take responsibility for their situation. It makes sense that all of this behavior surrounding their refusal to act in any way that isn't selfish probably stems from the general belief that it's society's fault that they are homeless. And, in some respects, it IS society's fault, but I feel that even if they're truly 100 victims of a situation out of their control, the problem can only be solved when they are willing to be humble and not rely on shifting the blame onto anyone but themselves. I'll reiterate this: I am completely sympathetic to the fact that coincidental circumstances could have forced them into a very shitty life and that there may have been nothing they could do about it at the time. I am only saying that, no matter how much aid we give them (physically ANDOR mentally) through charity, nothing will improve and poverty as an epidemic will NEVER be improved, let alone solved, until everyone is willing to let go of pointing the finger and honestly admit to themselves most of all that the foundation must come from them in terms of rejoining the community as a productive and mutually beneficial citizen. That final point I tried to make is a huge part of my transition from compassion to frustration and eventually anger directed towards the homeless population. It makes me feel like it doesn't matter if I try to help them because my effort will go unappreciated and be forgotten by most of them as soon as they see the next guy that appears to be a good target to extract a few dollars from. I will not go into the topic of people who pretend to be homeless and drive home, after a day of begging, in a shiny F-150 truck, stowing their wheelchair in the bed of the truck and climbing up the lifted frame into the driver's seat. These people are are much less difficult for most people to see the manipulation in and they can actually take home a damn good chunk of money on a successful day of pan handling. So, I'm making this post because I DO feel guilty when I look back at my recent feelings and actions. But... I still feel justified, in a way, because my observations are not necessarily wrong (they may be slightly exaggerated at most). I will also address the likely argument for mental illness by stating that I fully support any charitiessocial programs that focus on helping both the mental AND physical health of ALL people including the homeless in an effort to ensure that they are at least CAPABLE of improving their own lives further. Change my impression of the futility of my actions, as an individual, to 'be the bigger person' in a sense by giving them the respect that they don't seem to give anyone else. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!