The way I see it punishment has 3 supposed purposes; 1. It satisfies a victims instinctual desire for revenge. 2. It serves as a deterrent to others who would potentially exhibit the same undesirable behaviour that is being punished. 3. It can physically restrict the perpetrator from being able to repeat the behaviour (by imprisoning them for example). I don't believe any of these reasons justify the concept of punishment. 1) The natural instinct to desire revenge (or 'justice' as we like to dress the word up as) should be discouraged, not encouraged. Revenge serves no useful purpose and has no real positive effect for any person involved, it is an irrational emotion that can often result in destructive outcomes. 2) Deterrent does actually have a positive effect; preventing the same behaviour from being repeated. However, I believe prevention rather than punishment is a superior solution that has a greater positive effect than just deterrent. The problem with deterrent is that all you are doing is applying an additional consequence to an action. Deterrent works on the idea that when a person makes a decision about how to act they (often subconsciously) weigh up the benefits of that action (including satisfying their desire to take that action) against the potential consequences. So when you add an additional consequence to an action (say for example; jailtime) you are increasing the chances that the person will judge the action to not be worth it's consequences. Now that sounds all well and good, but it is a seriously flawed concept. First of all, if the person was likely to take the action had that additional consequence not been there then it is probably because that individual is fundamentally unable to make those kinds of decisions that affect other people well. All you have done is prevent them from taking this one action by giving it additional consequences, the fact that they would have taken that action had the consequence not been there shows that they are likely to make other decisions and take other actions that will negatively affect them or other people. It also means that if that person were ever in a situation where that consequence was no longer there (if they could get away with it), they would then take that action. And finally; many many crimes are not premeditated, they are a result of the individual being temporarily emotional compromised leading to them taking an action without actually going through the proper decision making process of weighing up consequences. When that happens, the additional consequence that is meant to serve as a deterrent isn't even taken into consideration. I mentioned prevention as an alternative to punishment, when I say prevention I am referring to actions that seek purely to lower the chances of the undesirable behaviour being repeated rather than seeking 'justice' through punishment. Here is my idea of such a system: First you would find out the reason that a person committed the offense. If a person were to actually have a reason why their behaviour was the best option they had available to them (for example; if it were the lesser of two evils), then it is reasonable to assume that that person is not likely to repeat that behaviour or any other undesirable behaviour unless they have justifiable reason to do so. Taking any action against this person has absolutely no benefit because prevention is unnecessary. If a person cannot justify that their behaviour was the correct decision to make, then we should seek to understand what made them believe that it was. If a person can be educated and made aware of why their behaviour was wrong, if you can improve their understanding to where they now can see that their action was wrong, then they are unlikely to make that decision again and once again no prevention is necessary. However if a person committed an offense because they were emotionally compromised and unable to weigh up their decision, or if they cannot justify that theirs was the correct decision to make and cannot be made to understand why it wasn't, then they need to be prevented from repeating their behavior. There is no reason to believe that these people will not repeat the same behaviour, thus they must be physically prevented from doing so. I can only see two ways to do achieve this, 1. You imprison them indefinitely, 2. You kill them. I think option 2 is cheaper, more convenient, more humane and more reliable personally. These people cannot exist within civilized society without negatively effecting others, they don't need to be punished, they need to be prevented. 3) See above. Prevention is only necessary when the individual is likely to repeat the behaviour. EDIT: Sorry for the awful formatting, I am trying to fix it but Reddit formatting is very confusing. EDIT2: Thats better I guess? I don't like Reddit's formatting.