I should start with a few clarifications, since the most common arguments against Citizens United seem to be based on incorrect information. (1). Citizens United did not change limits on actual donations to campaigns. Corporations cannot donate to campaigns at all, and even the wealthiest individual is limited to 2,600 per election cycle (though with primaries that can be a total of 5,200 every two years). When sites like Opensecrets report donations "from" a corporation, it is reporting donations from employees and other people associated with that corporation. If two fry cooks working at McDonald's donate 2,600 each to Elizabeth Warren, Opensecrets would report that as 5,200 "from" McDonald's. See [here] (2). Ads directly supporting or opposing a candidate are still limited as express advocacy (and treated as "in-kind" donations) under Buckley v. Valeo. (3). A Super PAC is a PAC which cannot donate to candidates. What makes them "super" is that as "independent expenditure only committees" they can receive unlimited donations. But they can only use that money for what fall under independent advocacy under Buckley. (4). Corporate personhood was not a linchpin of the decision. Even Lawrence Lessig has refuted that particular misunderstanding. The Court in Citizens United held that all speech is protected regardless of source, the reasoning wasn't "people have free speech, corporations are people, therefore corporations have free speech." So, let's get rolling. I agree with the Court in Citizens United. First, the protection of free speech demands a protection for expenditures on free speech which extend as far as the protection for speech would (i.e. to limit it you must satisfy strict scrutiny). Second, there is no viable argument for limiting the free speech of person A because they might drown out the speech of person B. To the first issue, let's think about a scenario where money spent on speech can be regulated even where the speech itself can't. Essentially where we've said there is no First Amendment protection. That would mean that the government could pass a law banning the purchase of bandwidth for use in criticism of the government (except by companies which fall under the freedom of the press) and need only show that the restriction was rationally related to a legitimate governmental interest. rpolitics could be effectively shut down, or at least censored, to the extent reddit must spend money on servers and bandwidth. Nor would there be any kind of Fourteenth Amendment argument if the government only limited expenditures related to criticism of the government. The requirement that limitations on speech be content and viewpoint-neutral (that is, the government can't ban OWS but allow tea party protests) are based on First Amendment protections. Absent protections for expenditures, the government can effectively neuter free speech. On the second issue, I honestly can't fathom the argument that says that if the Koch brothers spend X amount of money on advertising saying "hey, Obamacare is bad" that the American people will adopt that viewpoint by fiat. And if the issue really is inequality in the amount of airtime given to their view as compared to my view, why isn't that also a problem when it comes to Jon Stewart's airtime compared to mine, or even Aaron Sorkin's? Hell, Google's viewpoint on SOPA certainly got a lot more widespread exposure than mine (independent of whether I agreed with their view or not) didn't it? And that's where we arrive at the "can't be trusted with democracy" part of it. In his dissent, Justice Stevens wrote that he could not agree with the idea that there is no such thing as too much speech because Americans do not have an unlimited amount of time to listen to, research, and digest information and then decide the views they agree with. But that argument is, fundamentally, about the belief that if the American people are exposed to the same viewpoint too much they will be forced to agree with it. And an argument for limiting the First Amendment based on Americans being lazy or stupid should not hold water. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!