Earlier today uanonymous123421 posted the following view: [I don't believe any country that prohibits free egress has the right to its own sovereignty. CMV] . It seems to me that his reasoning for holding this view is basically that there is a presumption in favor of supporting peoples' humans rights and he didn't see a sufficient reason to override this presumption in the case of the right of egress (the right to leave the country). In the OP he wrote: It is a fundamental human right to be able to leave your country, and so leaving amicably should be allowed. [...] I would like to hear a counterargument to this, because right now I see no case in which this should be acceptable. In other words, he didn't see any good reason to override the presumption in favor of allowing people to exercise their right of egress, but if someone gave a sufficiently good reason for allowing states to take away this right then he would be willing to change his view. I hold my view that no state has the right to its own sovereignty for the same reason. Specifically, I don't see a good reason why states should be permitted to override the right of egress or any other human right. (And if a state isn't permitted to violate any human rights at all then it seems to me that, by definition, that state is not sovereign.) The best" reply] to uanonymous123421's right-of-egress view contained the following concession: Obviously, morally, a state should not prohibit free egress, and personally I would expand this idea to cover serious breaches of human rights too - I'm talking genocide, crimes against humanity, that sort of thing. I [replied] : Why shouldn't this idea be expanded to cover all breaches of human rights? I agree that it seems obvious that states shouldn't be permitted to take away innocent peoples' right to leave the country they are in. I agree that it seems obvious that states shouldn't be permitted to commit serious breaches of other human rights either. But why stop there? Why must the rights-violations be especially "serious" before opposing a state's claimed sovereignty becomes the proper position?