My view is a little bit more specific than the one expressed in the title, but I wanted to keep the title short so I am expanding here: I think that governments of countries that work a lot (eg. more than 35 hours a week for the average worker) AND have high unemployment should be encouraging shorter work weeks and more vacation time, so that companies will hire more people to fill in the gaps. I believe that that this will result in a happier population because they will have more free time, and will also result in lower unemployment. (excepting cultures where working more makes people happier, which I think are rare in Western society) I think that the way government should do this is via aggressively progressive tax rates, since people aren't likely to work more hours if more hours doesn't translate to proportionally higher take-home pay, they should also enact stricter laws around workweek and workday length, with companies that lie to employees or prospective employees about workdayworkweek length being fined heavily and forced to reimburse workers. Some fields, especially unskilled fields, should be subject to maximum workweek length laws, preventing companies from scheduling employees for more than 40 hours a week. I acknowledge that there are some companies and industries that could be hurt by these laws, and exceptions can be made for them. For example, some industries aren't amenable to 40-hour work weeks, notably ones require to worker to be a remote location. Some businesses can't easily reduce hours and employ more people, because they only have one employee filling a certain role, and there is not enough work for two people without cutting hours so much that nobody wants the job. So there can be exceptions for these types of businesses, although they would still be fined for lying about or misrepresenting the required hours. There could also be exceptions to the laws preventing long work weeks, for example in fields with a much higher demand for labor than supply, and in instances where an employee needs to be called in due to another employee being sick, or similar situations. I believe that the free market can't be relied upon to solve this problem in the general case, because there is a fixed overhead for each employee hired, so employers have an incentive to reduce the number of employees and increase the hours per employee, but I think this is bad for society and should be stopped, and the government is the only entity that should do so. Note that there are specific instances where the free market can be replied upon, and that is in fields where demand for employees far exceeds supply of employees, and in countries with near-full employment. In those instances the government need not get involved. However, there are also exceptions to the exceptions, for example in some fields, there is no inherent aspect of the field that requires long hours, yet long hours are the norm in that field anyway, even though demand for labor exceeds supply. In those cases some middle ground should be found in the laws, but I'm not exactly sure where that would be. Also, even in fields where demand exceeds supply, reducing the amount of hours an employee can work incentivizes the employers to train new employees, which is good for society, so those fields should only be exempt from some of the laws I am proposing. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!