Let me start out that this is coming from someone who is bad at math and not some smug STEM major (I start college in a few weeks and have not decided my major). I have always received poor grades in math classes throughout school even when I got a tutor and came in before class to get extra help from the teacher. The only time I got great grades in math was when I had a teacher that I later learned graded work and tests upon completion not accuracy I hold my view because I feel like after looking at math compared to other subjects, it seems like math is the only true subject. Science, technology and engineering (the rest of STEM) are all highly based in math and one could not succeed in either of those subjects without a high skill in math. I look at history and other social studies and see only memorizing facts, dates and concepts. This distresses me because those courses were some of the ones that I was the best at, but feel unsure of how much use I could get out of them in the "real world" Even the subjects I feel that are my best (English and literature) seems to show little measure of intelligence. When I look at all the English and lit classes that I have taken (all of them honors and A.P) at school I feel like the classes boil down to ones opinion of a text so there is no right or wrong answer as long as you can justify your answer. I can not think of any other subject that works this way and feel that even though I am good in this subject it seems rather useless unless you want to be a teacher, which I would only do if I had no other employment options. When I look at mathematics I see a genuine skill, not memorization or justifying your opinion. There is only a single correct answer in math (I know there are a few exceptions but that is besides the point). At my school at least (I just graduated from a relatively small high school, graduating class of about 120) high level math classes are a strong indicator of intelligence. People at my school were shocked to learn that I was not in calculus (the highest level of math at my school) or even the level before it. My classmates often assumed me to be intelligent, due to the fact that I took several non math AP classes but I do not feel intelligent. My low math scores on the SAT as well as my gpa made mine significantly lower than most of my friends. I feel that me not being good at math shows that I am less intelligent and that math is single best way to measure a persons intelligence. I am very nervous about what to major in since I feel I could try to struggle through a STEM major, or study what interests me (the notion of doing what you love over what will make money has always bother me. Every non STEM major I am interested are considered to be some of the most useless majors around. I am afraid that if I major in a liberal arts subject that my job prospects will be horrendous I feel that math is the best way to measure a persons intelligence, even if it means that I am not intelligent. Please change my view! Edit: Well, after reading the comments I feel like I was wrong. My view originates from the fact that I am not very good at math, so I have often viewed people who are good at math as being way smarter than I am. Also as I noted in the comment section, my view was re-enforced by assholes in higher math levels, who would always bash on the high level non math classes that I took. I still feel that math is a strong indicator of intelligence, and have feel like it would be difficult for some one who is not good at math to prove their intelligence to a person who is good at math. On a side note, does anyone have any career related stories, as I have always been afraid that because I am bad at math, my career prospects are minimal compared to those who are good at math