Hey everyone, I am in Europe (UK) and we get all the news and gossip from our Western capitalist brothers willingly or not. (Oh i can't wait to see what Rihanna will wear today, hold that thought on poverty, human trafficking, development of political and social ideas, making a Big Brother following politicians for transparency, and that is just the start) I admit the USA is the boss of the west, without US being in power the whole of Europe will suffer- but that is up for debate anyway.... The US is probably the only superpower of the Western culture to be dealing with gun control issues. I think that having guns as opposed to NOT having guns will significantly raise the chances of someone being shot and therefore dying, and therefore lower the chances of someone running on gun killing spree, I can't see any other Western countries having this issue. I'm a lawyer, i've studied American law as I went to an American based school, and i respect it very much, but the gun thing on the constitution is something that people wrote 200 years ago, in a different century, different time, with a mentality that could not grasp the current society, i cannot see how this is even an issue, it so obvious that is seems backwards. This whole "relgion v science" thing is totally insane in my eyes. I mean science is all based on real stats that can be backed up - by all means the scientists would love if you found something for them to re-work on and help progress their field - they don't give 2 shts about "disproving" your beliefs. The only thing stopping logic is some people taking the bibles world LITERALLY, like noahs arc for example. I'm ready for the hate down voting for sharing my thoughts. CMV Edit: The only reasoning i have found for this so far, is Patriotism. TL;DR regarding gun control:: ..."I think that having guns as opposed to NOT having guns will significantly raise the chances of someone being shot......The US is probably the only superpower of the Western culture to be dealing with gun control issues..." CMV