EDIT To clarify a little bit: 1) By 'committed monogamous relationship' I am referring to the agreement between individuals that they will limit their sexual activities to each other. I am not referring to any government or religious law. 2) I believe that restricting a person to monogamy, and then denying that person sex amounts to abuse. 3) Why is adultery wrong, but forcing a person to live without sex acceptable? Original Post All relationships should have emotional support, but by entering a monogamous relationship each person is required sexually satisfy their partner. This means they have to "put out" to their partner's requirements, or accept that monogamy is at it's end. I do not mean to suggest that their partner has the right to rape their mate, but that each individual assures their partner is sexually gratified in one manner or another. No one should be forced by their partner to remain sexually frustrated, and doing so should be seen as a form of abuse and a breach their agreement. Some examples of what I am referring to: A person develops a kink, experiences increased sex drive, or changes their orientation. Their partner should expect them to seek sex in their preferred style and pace elsewhere. A person finds their sex drive dwindling or no longer enjoys a kink. That person should still be available for sex with their partner regardless of their drive, or expect them to seek it elsewhere. A person develops a physical or emotional disability which hinders or causes the inability to have sex. Their partner are under no obligation to remain sexually monogamous to that individual if their needs can no longer be met. A couple remains celibate until a certain time (marriage, quantity of dates, high shaman approves, etc). Afterward it is determined they are sexually incompatible. Each should be expected to find relief elsewhere. I feeling that my thoughts on this are wrong, but I can not find any reason to change my view. I've also searched and could not find a post about this. Please CMV.