After watching a few NFL games, I'm feeling more and more that this is a badly designed sport, that is pretty boring, unnecessarily long, with stupid rules that make no sense. My main issues with it 1) way too many commercials. It seems to me if a broadcaster ever wanted to design a sport that they can fill with as many commercials as possible they would design American football. touch down is scored, commercial break, kick for a single point, commercial break, team kicking off, commercial break, continue. Not to mention the stupidity of the two minute warning, and the three timeouts that each team get per half. It totally feels like I'm watching 2 hours of commercials out of 3.5 hours of a game. other sports that do it better: soccer, 90 minutes commercial free action basketball and hockey, lots of commercials for timeouts but that's pretty much it rugby: 80 minutes of commercial free action and pretty much every other sport out there. 2) way to many specialized positions. In soccer, every player can run, dribble, and kick. Goalies have more specialized skills, but put a pro goalkeeper in a lower level in any position and they will dominate. in rugby, the same 15 players can run, tackle, defend, attack, and potentially kick the ball. in basketball, sure there are specialized skills, but all position players can shoot, dribble, pass, defend, etc In American football, There is only one guy who can throw, a few guys who can catch, a few guys who can block, and one guy who kicks the ball. An nfl punter will lose badly when playing against a high school QB as a QB, or any other position. and why 50 players per team? really you need a whole bunch of guys to do defense? and a whole set to attack? and another to defend against a punt? WTF? 3) it's like chess on a field? give me a break, every single sport has tactics, strategies that one can employ and use to outsmart the opponent. I'm not seeing how Football is any different 4) Really dumb rules and time management in general. why kick a point after a touch down if it's 99 guaranteed to go in? what's the point of stopping the play after every single event? how can a team still have 2 minutes left, and guarantee a win if the other team has no timeouts left, but not if they do? why does kneeling keep the clock running, but timeout stops it? why if a player goes out of bounds the clock stops but not if he rushes or catches the ball? What's with the stupid penalties of delay of game? false start? touching a guy beyond 5 yards? illegal grounding if the QB is out of the pocket? How is it noble that a game ends with a last second field goal, just because one team is really good at wasting time? what the hell is up with the two minute warning? why do you need 15 coaches, with 5 guys upstairs to coach this game? why is a player who just made a really good catch, immediacy put on the bench for the next play? 6) misc: I can't stand when they take the chains to measure the ball, where some arbitrary referee decided based on pure crap where to put the ball down. it takes forever, and this precision makes no sense, when the original placing isn't that precise. throwing a yellow flag, or a red flag by coaches and referees is just weird. claiming that the Superbowl is the most watched sporting event ever, when the Olympics, fifa world cup, rugby world cup, cricket world cup, champions league final, has way more viewers. what am i missing? why is this sport so popular in the US of A?