Personally, I really like the political economic systems of the Scandinavian countries like Sweden. Their economic systems embody the concept of "flexicurity." On one level, their markets are freer and less regulated than those of America: companies can hire and fire easily, corporate taxes are low, companies are allowed to fail and don't receive gov't bailouts, labor is highly mobile, labor unions aren't super strong, and state-owned businesses are rare (Sweden doesn't have any). On the other hand, these countries are big spenders, but they are efficient and effective spenders that target investments in healthcare, childcare, and public education (including college!). As a result, the people of Sweden and other Scandanvian countries do not mind paying high income taxes to support their welfare models and mixed economies. What we see is a good mix of equity and efficiency in Sweden: workers can be fired easily, but there are generous job training programs and unemployment benefits. And the labor market yields different outcomes for individuals, but the process by which inequality occurs is more fair as there's more of an equality of opportunity due to high quality public education, which results in opportunities for upward mobility for those who pursue it. In my view, there are several problems with the American political economic system. For one, welfare state is inadequate, and as a result, the American Dream is almost unattainable (low levels of social mobility). Wealth inequality is among the highest it's ever been since the Great Depression, and this prevents broad-based growth driven by consumer consumption. Moreover, inequality and private financing corrupt the political process as the democratic system gets hijacked by special interests, and results in rent-seeing such as tax loopholes, gutting financial and environmental regulations, preventing the gov't from negotiating drug prices, destroying the social safety net, and more. This occurs less in Sweden where political campaigns are heavily subsidized by the government (there's essentially public financing). The Swedish political system is based on representative parliamentary democracy, and because the executive derives hisher authority from the legislature (and is accountable to it), the government is far more responsive to the problems it faces. In contrast, the American political system has a status quo bias and is prone to gridlock. Sweden was better able to ride out the 2008 global economic recession due to prudent expansionary fiscal policy, and it also had a better regulated financial sector. The financial regulations in the U.S. are a joke by comparison. And what's worse, we tend to over-regulate some sectors, and regulations and taxes on small businesses and start-ups are sometimes prohibitive (in comparison to Sweden). We have a very inefficient health care system: private health care has a lot of administrative costs and is less efficient overall than Sweden's single-payer system. While America's top universities are the best in the world, our early education and K-12 public education is abysmal compared to many other industrialized countries. America doesn't invest enough in childcare, child nutrition, and healthcare for children, and this, along with inadequate educational systems, results in inequality and diminishing social mobility (the rich can always afford quality private education to gain the skills demanded by employers when it's not so easy for those born in poverty). What's stunning of all is that despite Sweden's heavy spending, its debt to GDP ratio is relatively low. Moreover, small business in Sweden face less costs in general than those in America bc in America, healthcare is partially tied to employment, which burdens employers (esp with higher health care costs) True, America shines in some areas: our economy is built on creativity and innovation, and we are leading in the industries of the future, such as IT. We also attract many high-skilled immigrants, which will enhance our workforce in the present and future. Our economy is generally competitive and the world demands America's exports, and we have incentives built to foster innovation. For example, while our healthcare system as a whole is lousy, we do have a lot of medical innovation and good specialized care for those who can afford high quality private insurance (although our general care system is very inefficient compared to Sweden). Still, America is a very elitist society, and these excellent jobs the opportunity to start an IT startup or engage in innovation get a great primary education have excellent health care is limited to a select number of ppl who have privilege and whose families are generally well connected. As said before, inequality is exorbitant in America and the American Dream is a broken promise for too many people: even hard work isn't enough to pull yourself together and move up the economic ladder. Moreover, while the American system fosters radical innovation, the Swedish system fosters more incremental innovation. It seems that a much higher percentage of the people in Sweden have a good quality of life compared to America. If you are wealthy and live in America, you will have an excellent quality of life, but if you are poor, aren't well connected, and lack access to educational and vocational programs that will help you gain employable skills, then you are screwed. And by gutting the social safety net, America isn't doing much to protect the poor from destitution. It's much better to be poor and middle class in Sweden, and even the wealthy have it pretty good. Therefore, I believe that Sweden's system of welfare capitalism is superior to America's cutthroat capitalism.