People all have different likes and interests. If you were to find a piece of media - whether it be a movie, game, piece of art, song - that perfectly appeals to you, it would necessarily not appeal as much to others. Hence the concept of cult phenomena. I'm sure there's plenty of evidence that fans of a cult hit are significantly more die-hard than fans of something widely popular. If a piece of media appeals to everyone, then it must make compromises to each person's individual preferences in order to broaden the appeal. For example: - A movie being trimmed down to fit a PG-13 rating in order to include a younger audience usually means cutting back mature content which may have helped to enhance immersion and storytelling. - A piece of music that sits nicely into standard musical conventions will never appeal as much to you as a piece of music that violates those standards in a way that you personally find interesting. - A video game developer may focus their efforts on graphical power at the expense of gameplay in order to appeal to those who care more about graphics. This partially alienates their gameplay-focused audience. I feel like in general if something is ideal for you, it necessarily won't be ideal to everyone else. Each individual person can find large amounts of media that specifically caters to their needs, but it is impossible to universalize without compromising on these points. I genuinely feel as though people who listen to mainstream radio enjoy it, but not nearly as much as they would enjoy some artist that perfectly fits into their interests. Obviously there are some people who's ideal media overlaps exactly with the mainstream, but these are few and far between. Everyone enjoying mainstream media would do better to search out lesser known content that appeals more specifically to their interests. I've had this debate with several people throughout the years but many people tend to disagree with me, however they have never brought up points that directly address my argument. I usually hear stuff like "Well if everyone likes it, it must be the best" etc. I have a very strange taste in media. I listen to really odd music, I enjoy strange films, basically things that are different and not traditionally popular. I don't like them because of this, but in spite of it. But this brings up this discussion time and time again and I felt like it was time to get reddit's input. I get accused of being a hipster due to this, but it's not as though I go out of my way to like things that are not widely known. However, I've learned over time that if something has been a smash hit the world over, it probably caters to too many different interests, and as a result is less interesting to me than it could have been. My main point here is that I feel this argument applies to everyone. TL;DR: If something appeals to everyone, it fails to completely satisfy each person's interests when lesser known, more esoteric content could.