Back in the late 80s someone handed me a copy of Warren Farrel's "The Myth of Male Power" and said something like, "Maybe I shouldn't give you this; you're already bad enough." Not sure what they meant by that since I didn't have any particular views on gender issues back then. Maybe just that I tended to have some odd views on things and liked to work issues through for myself. For those not familiar this is one of the classic books on Men"s Rights I guess. Farrel iswas a feminist who one day had enough confidence to ask, "wait a minute, what about the men?" Ironically this is an attitude that most feminists actually parody as if caring for people was somehow lame or a faux-pas. I guess it does take a lot of confidence to question your hard held beliefs. To hear him say it he started to question a lot of issues facing men and the feminist answers and produced the book. As with all dissident feminists I dare say he hoped that other feminists would see what he'd researched and slap him on the back and say, yes that's just what feminism stands for. Yeah, that didn't happen. I read the book and it made good sense to me. Perhaps most people would find it hard to believe but I've always found it easy to skeptical of the common wisdom. My background is in Mathematics and in particular finding exceptions to things that seem "obvious." Still one side of a story is never enough so after I read his book I wanted to know what the feminists had to say in response to all this. Well they did have an internet in the late 80s and early 90s just about so I got on-line on USENET and feminist sites like NOW and Ms Magazine and others, looking for the responses I expected to such a well thought out set of criticisms, which appeared to fundamentally undermine a lot of feminist claims. And.... basically what I found is that feminists had no answer. Or rather the one answer they did have was to accuse Warren Farrel of being a pedophile. I'm not kidding about that. That was their response. It's not much better today. In general I found that the feminist response to all their critics that were male was to falsely accuse them of sexual crimes. I decided to just present his ideas (and an increasing number I'd discovered on my own) and ask individual feminists directly since there seemed to be no institution or recognised author willing to respond. And.... they accused me of being a rapist and a stalker. And I don't mean metaphorically. I mean they literally said I was raping them by bringing these criticism of their ideology on to feminist boards. I was accused of cyber stalking people for participating in debates on the forums they had back then. This I released was all part of a strategy to shut down any critics. I guess I was especially dangerous because was on the far left and so couldn't be dismissed as some sort of right wing fool or traditionalist as was true of most of what passed for the MRA back in those days (not so much these from what I can see, but I am not an MRA). Back in those days the feminist boards had liberal views on who could post. I got banned from dozens of boards for being a rapist or abusive or harassing or stalking or whatever the excuse was. After a while the feminist boards just began to decide to not bother pretending to be liberal any more and instead changed the rules of their forums to say that only people who agree with feminism were allowed to post to begin with (much easier than having to falsely accuse people of sexual crimes all the time). That's actually what made me make the connection between feminism and a hate movement. Back in those days there was a lot of talk about how hate groups were using the internet to recruit. This turned out to be nothing to worry about because as things turned out their web sites got bombarded with people who would go and make fun of them or whatever. They had to make their boards private and censored. And that made sure that their movements couldn't grow. You can't ban the general public without also cutting off any potential recruits. I realised feminists were doing the exact same thing, for basically the same reasons. (This took quite a bit of research to look into over a number of years) But nobody else at that time seemed to share my view. I'm happy to say that these days a lot of people do. But at the time anti-hate advocates wouldn't have thought of feminism as involved in that sort of stuff, and the MRA types of the time were mostly right wing and liked to think of feminists as being left wing just because it meant they weren't similar. Even among other left wing critics of feminism anti-feminists this was a new way of looking at things.