So as the title suggests I think it's a bad idea to raise the minimum wage to 15 an hour for a couple of reasons. Before I start I should say that there is an increasing divide between the rich and poor in the nation and that's a problem that needs a solution, but I believe that raising the minimum wage will cause more harm than good. I'm not an economist by any means, but I do actively try to stay informed. Thinking from a logical stand point, if you raise minimum wage then the employees that are paid at this scale will be able to afford more. This seems like a desirable outcome, but then this also causes businesses input costs to increase. When this happens, most businesses (especially the ones that aren't that well off) will try to cut costs elsewhere, but usually results in them downsizing their workforce and increasing their margins resulting in an increase in their prices (for whatever good or service they provide). This would obviously be bad for the workforce that got laid off, but now there are more jobs available that pay a livable wage, so hopefully they stand out above everyone else that got laid off. The problem I see comes in at the spike in price from companies trying to still make a profit. The price of everything increases to an amount that makes 15 an hour either barely livable or in extreme cases even unlivable. This would put us right back where we are but with some unforeseen consequences. The first is that unskilled and even menial jobs pay 31,200 a year. This is more that what some jobs that require college education (like a teacher) or a specialized skill (like working on cars). These people will not see a raise in pay and so people may decide well I could go to college and get a bunch of student loan debt, or I can flip burgers like I have since high school and make the same money. I fear that jobs like teachers would start to become either unfilled, or filled with incompetent employees. Another consequence of my fear of 15 an hour becoming either barely livable or unlivable is that all those other careers that pay similarly (like mechanics or teachers) will now pay unlivable wages as well. This would only eliminate part of the middle class and it would be absolved into the lower class. I know it's a slippery slope fallacy to make this jump, but it seems to me that if that happens it won't be too long before we only have the rich and the poor like in the old days of feudalism (big jump I know) And the last point I have feels like my least valid point and I feel like with a few anecdotal examples my view can be changed on this point. I don't think minimum wage paying jobs were meant to be a job that paid enough to live comfortably on. I feel that they were meant to be an introduction to the workforce and give you experience that you can take with you to another job, or even position in the future. An example would be a new hire at McDonalds. They get paid minimum wage doing menial things that you could hire any high school kid to do and that's where they stay until they are let go or earn a promotion to management. The management role is meant to be the start of a career path, and the minimum wage job was just a stepping stone to that path.