I believe that everything that happens happens because of events which preceded it. I believe that decisions that people make are based mostly on 3 factors of varying importance: Really big memorable events and conversations, events and conversations which may not seem that big, but either consciously or subconsciously stick with us, and genetics. Now, some false views I have seen associated with determinism are: 1. I believe that my choices are of no consequence and I can just sit around and if something is supposed to happen it will happen. Wrong. In deterministic thought, your choices, although determined by other choices, mean everything. If a good opportunity presents itself, take it and that will likely shape your life in a positive way in the future! 2. No one can be held responsible for their actions if determinism is true. I guess that depends on how you define what a person is. If you believe a person is only what they are themselves apart from any negative thing which has befallen them, then no real person exists. But if you believe that we as humans are the sum total of all our actions and choices, then regardless of why those choices were made, we are who we are. Not that I don't think we should have sympathy for people who grew up in heavy crime areas (and are therefore more likely to become criminals. Not that everyone in heavy crime areas become criminals, as not everyone in those areas live the same lives, but it does increase probabilities a little) and those with severe mental problems, but I don't believe that excuses negative behavior either. 3. It takes all of the love and beauty out of life. But I ask, is a painting less beautiful because it is the sum of all its' parts and not just a bunch of spots all magically deciding independent of anything in nature what color they are going to be for the moment? Is love any less true if it were always predetermined to happen as opposed to 2 people constantly having some ethereal will that both decided independent of all evidence that they should love? Oh, and I am not arguing about the origin of everything or what caused the first movements which determined everything else. You may assume a deity, things beyond our comprehension, or whatever you please started it all. TL;DR: I believe that everything happens is a result of preceding events.