I'm going to explain my diet below, and welcome anyone who proposes changes in my diet, from a vegan, omnivore or any other perspective. If you're going to propose changes to my diet, I request that you attempt to explain why you believe the benefits of change outweigh the negative aspects, rather than simply identifying certain negative health effect of an aspect of my diet. As an example, if you believe I have to abandon eating mussels because they have saturated fat or ocean pollutants, explain why it outweighs the omega 3 fatty acids and vitamin B12 I receive. My story: I became a vegetarian around age 10, when I realized that animals are killed to produce meat. At age 13 I became more interested in health. I began trying to limit my soy intake, because I was concerned that phytoestrogens may have health effects on humans. I also replaced my fluoride toothpaste with a fluoride-free toothpaste. Around age 14, I stopped using cell phones and artificial sweeteners. I almost never consume white bread or carbonated beverages, because I don't really enjoy the taste of either, nor do they benefit my health. I eat many different types of fruit daily and hardly ever eat candy. Around age 20 I began taking vitamin supplements. I take a daily multivitamin supplement, because although I believe my current diet receives adequate amounts of every vitamin and mineral, I like the idea of a safeguard, especially since the majority of people in the Western world are deficient in at least one vitamin or mineral. My health status: I'm a 23 year old 186 cm white male who weighs 65 kilo. I have some problems with anxiety and emotionality, which I seek to address through dietary changes. I don't know the cause of this, but my memories indicate that it started before I became vegetarian and I suspect that there may be a family history with these problems. Other than that I have no significant health problems that I'm aware of, except for oily skin. How my diet came to be: As a pescetarian, I'm similar to a lacto-ovo-vegetarian. In other words, I don't eat meat, but I do eat milk, eggs and honey. I also include some sea food, which makes me a pescetarian instead of a lacto-ovo-vegetarian. I actually only became a pescetarian very recently, today was the first day in my life that I ate mussels, which I enjoyed greatly and plan on doing around once a week. I also ate shrimp when I was staying at a friend's place as she had literally nothing else to eat, but I don't think I'll ever start eating squid and fish. Why the change? There are a number of reasons for this. I strongly doubt that my lacto-ovo-vegetarian diet contained all the nutrients that my own body needs for optimal wellbeing. Althoug a lacto-ovo-vegetarian or even a vegan diet may be the ideal health choice for some people, I don't believe it to be the ideal option for me and many other people. One problem I suffer as a vegetarian is that I often find myself hungry at night, and yet none of the food available seem to fill me. Most of the food I have available doesn't even appeal to me at all when I feel this strange hunger, instead I just force myself to eat something. I often feel attracted then to cheese or eggs. Although I denied it at first, I now strongly feel that this "strange hunger" is the product of some type of nutrient deficiency. I hope that as a pescetarian, the "strange hunger" will disappear. I don't believe that mussels suffer, or that eating mussels is bad for the environment. If we assume that mussels can somehow suffer despite having no brain, I still don't believe that the suffering from a meal of mussels greatly outweighs the suffering of the countless insects and mice killed to grow grain and other crops. Here are some of my considerations: -Vitamin B12. Vitamin B12 is difficult to gain from a modern diet. I suspect that I've always gained enough through milk products and eggs. Mussels also help as a safeguard for this. -Taurine. This is where it gets controversial. Taurine is consider a non-essential nutrient by most scientists. It's almost negligible in plant foods, milk and eggs. However, there is evidence that it may in fact be essential for some portions of the population.1,2. Although humans produce taurine, vegans have only 77 of the Taurine blood levels of omnivores. Compared to other species, we seem somewhat poor in producing Taurine. Taurine synthesis also seems to vary greatly between humans. I suspect that males may need more Taurine than non-pregnant non-lactating women, as Taurine is used in muscle repair. I try get my Taurine from mussels and other seafood. One reason is that it's an efficient source. There's about ten times the Taurine per 100g in mussels that's found in beef. -Creatine. This is really controversial. It's seen as a non-essential amino-acid. However, if it's non-essential, then why do studies show that vegetarians and vegans have improved cognitive performance when taking creatine supplements, even though studies with omnivores show no improved cognitive performance?3 As far as I can tell, mussels contain creatine, but I will admit to occasionally taking some creatine powder as a supplement, which I plan on abandoning when I have successfully integrated mussels in my diet. -Vitamin A. Here's a fun one. We can produce vitamin A from carotenes. Very few people however ask themselves how much you need for that. From my calculations, although possible, it's very difficult to reach the daily recommended amount with a vegetarian or vegan diet, especially if you don't like carrots.4 The US government seems to recognize this and so we notice a continuing reduction in the amount of vitamin A that humans supposedly need. From 1500 microgram in 1968, to 1000 microgram in 1974, to 900 microgram today. So why don't you just start eating meat again? Environnmental and ethical issues aside (which are major), red meat simply isn't particularly healthy, not even in theory when you ignore pesticides, antibiotics, grain based feed and other problems. L-Carnitine, found in red meat, is converted by bacteria into a chemical that causes atherosclerosis. There seems to be no safe limit when it comes to eating processed meat. Studies consistently shows that vegans, vegetarians and pescetarians live longer than omnivores. I also consider human evolution when deciding on my diet. I'm not convinced that at any point in human evolution my ancestors really depended upon meat in their diet. I wrote a lot about this on rpaleo. Most modern hunter-gatherers seem to spend more energy catching an animal than they gain from eating it. I do believe that humans who lived near rivers and oceans likely ate shellfish and bivalves. These are animals that seem relatively easy to catch. References 1. 2. 3. 4.