To start, I'd like to do some housekeeping and defining. First of all, I'm in the United States, so my posts will be from a US perspective, but I think this could apply to any government. Second, when I say sterilization, I don't necessarily mean perminant sterilization. I mean vasectomies for men (reversible) and something like an IUD for women (lasts for many years). I'd also like to say I do not agree with forced sterilization. Only the person getting the procedure done should have the final say. Finally, along with this incentive, we should make freely available birth control and education so that this option does not have to be necessary in the future. Okay, now that all that is out of the way... Why go this route? 1) People on government assistance get more money when they have more children, and often times children are the only qualifier for some grants (California welfare and low income healthcare gets expanded when you have children for example). Therefore we are currently incentivizing people to have children that they can not afford. Instead, I would propose that we should not offer welfare to people who have more than two children unless they get a long term birth control solution implemented, and offer to pay for these long term forms of birth control. For example, if you have a third child, either your welfare is cut off or you get the birth control. This economic pressure incentivized the reverse of he current system, a monetary reason to not continue to have children that the state supports. 2) Even if someone is not on welfare, unwanted children are a burden on the state. Unwanted children are more likely to be low income, more likely to be invoked with drugs or crime, and more likely to be on social programs. People should prevent unwanted pregnancies, and a way to do that is to pay people a nominal amount, say 300 plus get the procedure for free, to undergo sterilization. Providing financial incentive would encourage people who would otherwise be indifferent to preventing unwanted pregnancies (especially men who would ditch out in the event of a pregnancy) would be very helpful. 3) The prevention of unwanted pregnancies would lower costs over time and reduce abortions. In the same way unwanted children are a negative, no unwanted children will be a positive. Otherwise would be parents can focus on improving their own living conditions and investing in themselves, so this would be a plus for them. Plus, young or irresponsible people who would make poor parents are never put into that position. Overall, the net benefits of these ideas would greatly improve quality of life for people who would otherwise be parents of unwanted children, would lower the burden on the state, and prevent unwanted children from being put in foster care, where many of them will be until they are 18 and have few prospects. It wouldn't cost much to do either, and it's essentially voluntary. There are some criticisms of these ideas, which I would like to address upfront. This is eugenics. Not really. Eugenics deals with selecting people for breathing or preventing people from breaking to improve the gene pool. It is not optional. My idea is completely unrelated to the gene pool, and does not discriminate based on race or or disability. Only financial ability to be a good parent. It is completely optional (except for pressure to have it done if you want to continue to receive welfare and have children last three kids). It will disproportionately affect minorities. This is not driven by race, it is driven by economics. I have no interest in someone's race, only their ability to raise a child responsibly. Other people will make it about race. Well, that's about all I got. Change my view.