I will be arguing three things in this thread: 1. Objective moral laws cannot be accessed without a God. 2. Objective moral laws can be created by a God. 3. Objective moral laws can be accessed through a God. Disclaimer: this is not a thread to argue about the existence of God. This is a thread to argue about moral laws and the possibility of them being accessed with and without God. Also, and I shouldn't have to say this, please keep comments about the content of the argument rather than the character of the poster. If you think my argument is crap, fine, but keep the posts about the argument, please. First, allow me to explain what I mean by objective moral laws. What do I mean by "objective moral laws"? I mean that certain actions are morally right or wrong not because of human opinion, but rather because they are factually right or wrong. Under this interpretation, a statement about morality would be a factual statement, similar to a statement about a physical law of nature or logical law. For example, if murder was objectively morally wrong, then the statement "murder is evil" would be similar to stating "an object's acceleration is inversely proportional to the mass of the object." The statement would be an objective, indisputable fact about the universe. On the other hand, if there are no objective moral laws, then a statement like "murder is evil" would be similar to stating "John is funny"; it would merely be a preference held by some particular party. Its truth or falsity would not be determinable by any independent, objective standard because morality, like humor, would not really exist outside of human subjective disposition. Objective moral laws cannot be accessed without a God Notice I said that objective moral laws cannot be accessed without a God, not that they cannot exist. This is an important subtlety. Let us imagine that there are objective moral laws and God does not exist. By what method would we be able to discover these objective moral laws? We cannot discover them the same way we do physical laws. For example, we know that the acceleration of an object proportional to the force applied to the object. We can discover this physical law by performing experiments with different objects and applying various magnitudes of force. Unfortunately, you cannot discover moral laws using similar methods, because moral laws do not concern what is; they concern what ought. Others might say that "we can go out and experimentally measure what actions cause the greatest amount of well-being and least amount of suffering." While that is a true statement, that would not necessarily be measuring what's moral. There's no reason to believe that if objective moral laws existed, that they would be related to the experiences of conscious creatures. Indeed, if moral laws are objective like physical and logical laws, then they would not be determined by how we feel. They would be valid regardless of our feelings or opinions. Unlike logical and physical laws, we lack the tools to discover moral laws. As we only have physical tools, we only have the ability to test physical laws and logical laws. We can only test the way things are, not how they should be. Thus, without a God, we are unable to access objective moral laws. Of course, this is assuming there are objective moral laws. However, if we are unable to access the laws, then they may as well not exist anyway. Objective moral laws can be created by a God I'm using the 3-O definition of God here, a God that is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent. It should not take much to understand that any omnipotent being could create any laws, moral or physical or logical, as it pleases. For example, most would agree that an omnipotent being would be able to, on the fly, change physical laws. If it wanted to, it could change the "an object in motion stays in motion" physical law to "an object in motion eventually stop even if in a vacuum," it could eliminate the law altogether, and it could create as many different laws as logically possible. Granted, this would dramatically change the composition and properties of the universe, but it would still be possible by an omnipotent being. Similarly, an omnipotent being would also be able to create, change, and eliminate moral laws as it pleases. For example, an omnipotent being would be able to, on the fly, validate the law "murder is wrong" if it wanted to. Some might say, "But such a law wouldn't be objective because it would just the being's arbitrary, subjective opinion," but this is a blatant misuse of language. Consider the physical laws: even though the law "an objective in motion stays in motion" may be the result of a potential God's arbitrary, subjective opinion, no one would argue that the law isn't objectively valid. Another example: assuming a God created Earth, the existence of the planet Earth may be the result of the God's arbitrary, subjective wishes, yet no one would argue that the Earth's existence was not objective. When talking about the objectivity of moral laws or physical laws, we are concerned their validity, not their origin. As such, an omnipotent being could create objective moral laws as it pleased. Objective moral laws can be accessed through a God I have proved earlier that objective moral laws cannot be accessed without a God, even if they do exist. Since a God is the only being with direct access to objective moral laws, the only way mere humans can ever hope to have access to the nature of moral laws is through contact with said God. This contact can be either direct or indirect. Some believed that have had contact with a God via dreams, prayer, and some even say human empathy is actually communication with some sort of God. Whatever the means may be, it cannot be doubted that a God is the only way we can have access to moral laws. Some may argue that even though a God may tell us moral laws, he may lie about the actual content of the laws. This is a valid refutation, but it does not convince us not to trust a God. Here's a thought experiment: imagine you are a blind man trying to escape a forest. Also imagine that this forest has deadly traps spread all over the floor. There is a trail that you can walk that would guarantee that you don't hit a trap, but the trail is narrow and unpredictable. Fortunately, there is a stranger shouting directions at you. You don't know this man, but he's giving you directions and he says he'll lead you to safety. Do you trust this man? Of course you do. Why? Because if you don't trust the man, then there's a near 100 chance that you'll kill yourself. If you do trust the man, then there's a 50 chance that you will survive depending on if the man is trustworthy or not. Any scenario where you get out alive is almost definitely a scenario where the man guided you out; not one where you randomly stumbled out due to sheer luck. The same is with a God; sure, based on what you know, a God may be giving you the wrong moral laws, but he's your only hope at accessing moral laws. Without him, you guarantee a life devoid of morality. A God is the only way to access objective moral laws.