As an above-average but not stellar looking dude, I understand that in certain scenarios I get treated better than someone who is less attractive than I am. Similarly, when there is someone more attractive than me, I am largely ignored. I don't think this is a matter of youth, as I'm now in my mid-20s and this has persisted with people of all ages. Women who are attractive get tons of preferential treatment, there's no doubt about that, but I believe it extends to men too and is the single most important factor in determining how people treat you at first. Not kindness, not wealth, but largely your physical appearance. My breakdown would be 70 facebodyhow you carry yourself, 30 how you are dressed. This leads to vastly different life experiences in that ugly children and attractive children are treated significantly differently than one another, leading to differences in how they view the world, strangers, and social interaction. The puzzling question is why? In the case of attractive men and women who are of age, you could argue that wanting to mate with them or improve social status, but even when this is unlikely or impossible (one party is married - don't snicker) the preferential treatment continues. Is it because they are pleasing to look at? Why does that matter so much? Here I would place an attempt to rebut a counterargument but I can't even begin to think of one, which is why I made this post. Physical appearance is largely out of our control beyond good hygiene and how you dress. It's a pretty depressing thought to think that someone's whole life experience is determined by a roll of the dice, and I'd like someone to change my view on this. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!