Currently, the US Congress (both houses) uses a district-based first past the post electoral system. This means that whichever candidate gets 50 wins (there are some quirks: some states use run-offs if no candidate gets more than 50; others simply use the candidate who received a plurality of votes). I believe this system is flawed. 1) First Past the Post leads to a two-party system: This is a simple mathematical result one can come to, which I will not explain here. I claim this is bad because a two-party system does not give much choice to the voter. A result of the two-party system is that if a third party becomes successful, one of two things happens. Either one of the major parties dies off (e.g. US Whigs when the Republicans came about) or one of the major parties absorbs the third party or parts of its ideology to absorb the voters who supported this third party (e.g. PerotReform Party by the Republicans after 1992). When third parties die off or are unsuccessful, voters are left with two parties and usually have to choose the lesser of two evils, rather than a party that really better fits their view. If they choose a third party, then they have basically cast a worthless vote. 2) FPtP elections with districts leads to gerrymandering: I think this is pretty clear. If Party A has power to make electoral districts, then they will do all they can to maintain their power, which usually leads to districting that benefits them and hurts Party B. In the US, there are many oddly shaped districts that clearly attempt to pack in voters of one party, diminishing their voting power. 3) Majorities do not always win control of government: I am not in support of majoritarian tyranny and nor do I believe that minorities should have no power. However, it is somewhat ridiculous that a party could get more overall votes and come away with less seats (think Democratic Party in the 2012 election). This is almost minority rule, which can be more dangerous than majority rule (As an example, look to many post-colonial states. Colonial leaders liked putting minority groups in charge and they stayed in charge after the colonizers left. Many of these post-colonial states have been faced with turmoil since and I believe this is one reason why. To give concrete examples: Tutsis in Rwanda, Alawites in Syria). What is MMP? 1) We maintain districts (and they can still be gerrymandered). 2) Each voter gets 2 votes: one for a party list, one for a candidate running in their district. 3) Districts still run in a FPtP style. Whichever candidate wins the district seat is elected. Here is where I believe this system becomes more useful. Let's say we have all the results for all the districts. Let's say we also collected all the party vote lists. Assume we have three parties: A, B, C. A won 50 races, B won 40, and C won 10. However, B won 50 of the vote, A won 40, and C won 10. B won more votes, but less seats. So what we do is we start picking members off of B's party list until B has 50 of the seats in electoral body. We then do the same thing with parties A and C and so on, until we are as close as possible to the proportional votes as we can get. By doing this, we have maintained direct and actual representation of constituents (instead of opting for virtual representation), while also implementing a proportional system. Additionally, third parties could actually win seats in this system because a person could use their district vote for a major party and their list vote for a third party. This would allow more choice for voters and more political dialogue overall. Finally, the US would probably need to increase the number of seats it currently has in the House of Reps in order to preserve all current districts and accommodate the creation of a more accurate proportionality. Overall, this larger body will be even more representative of the US as a whole. (Note, I am advocating for changing the House of Reps to this system, not the Senate. There are a few reasons for this, but they are not important now). There are some quirks to this system (e.g. collusion and strategic voting is more likely), but I believe these quirks are less harmless than those in the current system and that MMP is the optimal electoral system for the US to use. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!