As a preface to this post, I do not and have never abused an animal. I believe that animal abuse should be allowed. I will establish a few things that i consider to be ineffective arguments against this view. Firstly, humans are a special kind of animal and are on a higher level than all others due to the fact that we are intelligent. Second, animals may suffer like humans do but they do not have a conscience. There is no right and wrong in a animals mind like there is in a humans. Why I think animal abuse should be legal We have pets for entertainment and companionship. We like to have them around us to make us feel better. Now on the same line of thought what if it makes you feel better to abuse an animal. Being able to have a feeling of control over another living thing makes anyone happy. Some people would want a more agressive control. I understand the view that a person would want to control the life and death of something else. Why I don't think it is wrong I covered mostly why I do not believe it to be wrong in the first paragraph of my post there is slightly more expanding to do. Animals, such as dogs, are not human. Their suffering is not the suffering of a human. Their mental state is very simple and they cannot understand things like humans do. We are above them in all accords. These animals contribute nothing to humans other than entertainment as pets. If domesticated dogs are kept for entertainment we should be allowed to entertain ourself with the suffering of a lesser being. There is a small difference for animals that are crucial to ecosystems. As long as the human that is killingharming these animals does not put any major ecosystem in trouble they should be allowed to make the animal suffer. I have to do homework, I will continue replying at a later time. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!