I'm not talking about whether one enjoys watching a particular sport or criticizes a sport on the grounds that "I think it's boring to watch"; I am talking about non-athletes "sports-fans" who criticize sports or athletes on the grounds of "people who participate in x-sport are inferiorsuperior to people who play y-sport, or it is harder to be a professional x-sport player than a professional y-sport player." I am not talking about the tangibles but the intangibles, presented as objective facts about a sport. Varsity high-school sports (or equivalent depending on local) is the bare-minimum level one can be at before they are allowed any sort of opinion about such matters, yet it seems to me that the only people who actually have such opinions have never been capable of reaching such a level themselves. Rarely do you see actual athletes getting into arguments about what sports have the best athletes or which sports are "better" or "harder." Anyone who has actually gotten to a level where the competition is even moderately high understands the work that goes into a sport, no matter the sport, and usually respects fellow athletes for their dedication and work they put in to be good at their sport of choice, and if you never had the drive or weren't good enough to make the cut for even high school varsity your "opinion" is meaningless. The reason I want a CMV is because I think poorly of non-athletes who criticize sportsathletes on the basis of what sport they play. In order to change my view one will need to make a convincing argument that non-athletes have grounds to criticize actual athletes on the basis of what sport they play discover up with some objective grounds for determining which sports are "best." Edited for clarity. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!