Employers, colleges, community positions - these things all require that applicants provide a fully-disclosed criminal record (unless the crime was committed as a minor) if one exists. The stigma of having a criminal record can cost an individual any of these opportunities when heshe is fully capable of that position. The stigma of being a criminal is the issue here. Once someone is labeled a criminal, it consumes hisher identity. I believe more weight should be placed on psychological evaluations of a persons current state and an overall evaluation of an individuals present character. This discretion should override an individuals past criminal record. The stigma that follows a criminal is fear of criminals and the belief that heshe is no good for society. We are threatened by this individual because heshe has committed a crime. However, this crime can be entirely non-threatening in the present. A man who sold his friends marijuana when he was 19 is not a threat to society. I believe that psychological evaluations and the evaluation of an individuals character can determine whether that individual is currently a threat or not. Take for instance, [Gina Grant] who was denied admission to Harvard for killing her alcoholic, abusive mother when she was 14. Since then she served 6 months in a juvenile facility, got excellent grades, served in the community, joined clubs, and tutored children. She was initially accepted to Harvard, but they revoked her admission when they uncovered her past. A psychological evaluation would show that she is a good person and her only motive to murder was self-defense against her abusive mother. Furthermore, this was years ago. It's not as if she's a serial killer who is fascinated with murder and may strike against anyone at anytime. They denied her the seat because of her criminal record although she was not currently a threat. Hypothetically, they could have instead given that seat to a man with no criminal record at all. However, he is (hypothetically) obsessed with stalking his ex-girlfriend, is planning to murder her, and has completely lost touch with society. Who is the bigger threat and who deserves the seat more? Finally, I think it's unfair to label people as criminals once they have served their punishment. There's no reason something like a DUI that happened 20 years ago should haunt someone for the rest of hisher life after serving the punishment. According to the labeling theory, by removing individuals functionality in society and labeling them a criminal, they are more likely to re-enter the criminal system. Hence, the [66 recidivism] rate in the United States. I think this entire process is unproductive; change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!