Most of you are probably familiar with the debate on whether drugs should be legal or not, and have some opinion on it. I think they should, as is probably obvious from the rest of this post, but that's not the point of this submission. I think there's a big problem with how the legalization is debated and how the pros and cons are weighed. I think that harm reduction is not very important, at least if it conflicts with personal freedom, as it does in this case. Something being illegal just because it may cause the perpetrators harm, is to me absolutely outrageous. It just seems so obvious to me that if people wish to do something, for whatever reason, that does not hurt anyone else but may hurt themselves, they should be allowed to, because it's of their own choice. And yet most people disagree with this. My opinion above seems to be almost taboo, not just on the prohibition side but also the legalization side. Or at least that is how thing seem based on the arguments used in the debate. I have been called extremist, unreasonable and unserious for voicing my opinion, and asked not to by people on the same side because they say it will likely hurt the cause rather than support it. More acceptable arguments seem to be "Drugs should be legalized because if they are regulated by the government they will be safer to use and we will see less harm to users and the society, just look at Portugal or whatever," or "Drugs aren't even that dangerous to begin with, alcohol is worse in most aspects." I agree with this, but it just seems so insignificant next to the basic human right of freedom. Even if legalizing drugs did not cause a reduction of harm, in fact even if it meant a tenfold increase in harm, I'd still be overwhelmingly in favor. This applies not just to drugs, either. For example, I do paragliding as a hobby. It's not the safest of sports, people die. But yet there is hardly anyone who wants to ban paragliding and other extreme sports. Why not? It's the exact same issue as drugs, people do it because they like it, even if it can be dangerous. Another example that I have personal experience with, is lasers. I am a laser "enthusiast," I have collected and built various lasers for years. And now most countries are starting to ban the ownership of laser pointers, because they can blind people. Using lasers to blind other people have been illegal from the get-go, so what's the point of banning them altogether? If I am aware of the risks, probably more so than some government lawmakers, most of whom have never used a laser pointer in their life, should I not be allowed to own them and use them in the privacy of my own home? All this despite most people from developed countries viewing freedom as something super important and something to be proud of having. I don't think any country in the world is truly free, since laws like this exist everywhere. Please explain this to me, and change my view if it should be changed. EDIT: I have been reading all the responses, sorry if I don't respond to all, this blew up a little bit Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!