Whenever I hear a school's teachings on anti-bullying, I often see a very dangerous idea being taught to every student. To me, "activehelpful bystander" (henceforth known as "active bystander mentality is an irresponsible teaching because it is dangerous, relieves the school of a lot of responsibility, and weakens the success rate of stopping bullying. Being an active bystander is dangerous because it redirects the flow of aggression from the previous victim to the person who decided to intervene. The aggression could be anything from just hateful words being thrown to something as severe as a life-endingcrippling weapon being pointed at the new defender (not necessarily a gun, maybe a knife or something else). It forces the defender to cover both himherself as well as the initial victim. On top of this, if there are other bystanders who choose to be harmful (harmful bystanders), now the defender has to defend against 2 or more people. This, on top of the fact that the victim may or may not be helpful in the repelling of the bully, helps to ensure that from a safety point, being an active bystander is not the best idea. Active bystanders also remove much of the burden from the school. When schools essentially appoint everyone as a militia against bullying, it rids itself of much of the duty to detect bullying as it happens. As I mentioned earlier, active bystanders themselves may not be powerful enough to even stop the threat. Without the cooperation of the school, overall, people will have a much weaker anti-bullying effort. If a fight actually takes place, the school can just shrug it off by enforcing zero-policy and suspend both the active bystander. This doesn't even solve the problem, for a few reasons. The bully either a) didn't mean what they saiddid and just had their emotions get in the way, therefore feeling like they were unfairly treated, or b) don't care about school or their peers and do this for whatever reason they want to. For the defender, well, they just got rekt due to their fail at bullying, and from the victim's perspective, they probably feel cheated for getting punished for something they could not control. My view could be changed if someone could find a better solution that 1) repels the bully, 2) nulls the aggression, and 3) gives the schools some responsibility. Please convince me if I got something wrong about my logic. EDIT: I should clarify that the type of bullying I am referring to has some form of violence added to it. Edit 2: I need to head off to sleep, will be back at 10 am EDT Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!