[For those unaware of Femen] People give Femen a lot of crap because they are too violent and extreme with their message. They are often seen as "man-hating" and "setting the women's rights movement back." As a male I completely disagree. I strongly feel that most anger towards Femen is a gut reaction caused by thousands of years of patriarchy and female subjugation; those who are most squeemish about Femen are so because society has trained them that women are to be submissive. Specifically on Reddit, a mostly male dominated community, there exists a very negative view of Femen and I feel this stems from a discomfort with the nude female body as a political statement, and females having the capability to be as agressive and powerful as males. I also feel that modern pornography plays a large role in men's often negative view towards feminism, as women are most always viewed as a "product" and sumbisive to males. To see Femen openly and unabashedly naked as a sign of power over their their own bodies makes the average male in much of todays society uncomfortable. When men are loud, violent, agressive, and use shock to make a strong, passionate political statement, they are often praised for it; if not at the moment then often later (assuming what they were agressive about ends up being accepted largely by society in the future; Malcolm X for example). In 100 years I believe that society will look back on groups like Femen in a positive light much like the Black Panthers fighting for civil rights. Femen is an overall force of good for women in the world. It tells women not to be ashamed of their bodies, not to be ashamed of who they are, and to stand up and fight passionately against men who continue to subjugate women through lower pay, anti-abortion laws, anti-contraception laws, rape, sex-trafficking, etc. In a few countries Femen are less relevent, as women have gained strong footholds in traditionally male dominated societies, but in the countries they continue to fight such as Russia, Ukraine, Turkey, and E. Europe in general, they are overal a source of power and progression for women who are largely marginalized by male dominated society. TL;DR I believe that groups like Femen are progressive to women's rights, and to be uncomfortable with Femen's political protesting strategies stems from centuries of institutionalized sexism.