I'm not sure how popular this view is, and I have a feeling this is really just an argument against people who act like the straw men we imagine in our heads. All the same, hear me out. Let's consider the extreme. Pundits like Glenn Beck will regularly propose insane catch all solutions to the ills of society, (and I'm looking at you too, revolutionary redditors), ranging from fucking off to found their own society (anyone remember Independence, USA?) to forcing some minority to go through some 'reasonable' scrutiny. The population at large will laughnod and, normally, quickly forget in these cases. But the same sort of "I'll build my own theme park, with hookers and blackjack!" mentality is pervasive amongst the left and right in spadefuls, almost always proposing a single solution to problems with an INSANE array of causes. Society with capitalism sucks? It's 80 because of capitalism! Education sucks? Sack the unions! Israeli sucks? Colonialism should have died long ago! The NSA has apocalyptic levels of overreach? The executive have betrayed us! I'm not saying that the red-left or god-fearing right is always going to propose simple solutions to big problems (or that such solutions will always not address the problem at least in part), but that's generally how they frame the argument, presumably for the sake of marketing the cause. probably works, I guess. But I feel we are all dumber for hearing it, and I feel it makes the potential solutions leading from the discourse pretty shit. Absolutist laws like Prohibition (and by extension, the war on drugs) and numerous ultimately failed revolutions seem founded on simple solutions to profoundly complex problems. Convince me that excessively simplified arguments (here defined as single solutions to "wicked" style problems) have a role other than propaganda from the extremes of the political spectrum. As a sort of sub CMV, I'll admit a bias - this is the kind of crap that pisses me off about my "Goddamn hippies" friends and the right wing ones as well. I feel the most passionate on the political spectrum are also the ones most open to really foolish sounding ideas, and I cannot take them seriously (especially when they get elected to student government and realize they can do jack shit with that kind of thinking). Am I da fool?