EDIT: "it's" Yuck! I can't change the actual post. Apologies grammar enthusiasts. I've been getting into the idea of Anarchism lately (recently read LeGuin's 'The Dispossessed', and, really, I want to like it. I like, very much, the idea that we wouldn't need a government and that we could make communal decisions in a way that wouldn't involve coercion of anyone or from anyone. But one thing continues to nag me: Upon the dissolution of the state, how does one prevent the reformation of it, or something like it? If, in our stateless nation, a coalition of citizens (Coalition A) were to gather together and decide that they were entitled to a percentage of all goods produced in a certain area. Maybe they're jerks, maybe they did something really great (set up irrigation, maintained a road) and feel that they've earned this percentage. Either way, that sounds like taxation, which is a function of government. This group would be taking from the populace against their will, but they'd have enough people to do so by force. How do you prevent this from happening, as I think it's reasonable that it might? The only solution I can think of would be to form another, larger coalition comprised those being stolen from (Coalition B); and present a greater show of force to prevent the theft. But, isn't that just the recreation of a government? It might be a minimal one, or one that we agree is fair, but a state, nonetheless? It's activity was definitely coercive, and their prevention of theft was against Coalition A's will for sure (which is a kind of cardinal sin for an Anarchist, as I understand it). How to you reconcile this situation? Regardless of how you define Coalition A (a small government or just thieves) they present a problem to the rest of the anarchists. There's no reason to think that any individual anarchist would be able to put a stop to Coalition A. And the formation of Coalition B looks a lot like a government Anarchism seems to seek to prevent or eliminate. This little example is overly simplified, but I feel like any permutation would be subject to the same issue (ie Coalition A maintains a road for a pre-agreed amount of compensation; and the populace then refuses to pay). So, I realize I may only be displaying my ignorance. Perhaps I'm bringing preconceptions about what Anarchism is or making assumptions about people's behavior that aren't necessarily true. But, to me, this looks like an enormous logical hole that makes the entire movement impossible. Is Coalition A or Coalition B actually the goal? What am I missing here. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!