In modern society, policymakers are tasked with basing policy on objectively verifiable evidence. Their role essentially consists of interpreting scientific research on behalf of the electorate, in an effort to achieve the most desirable political outcome. This is why policy is in practice mostly decided upon by scientists and think tanks, rather than by politicians. As an example, in my country a few years ago at the time of the Climategate scandal we had a debate between a right wing populist party representative and the minister of environment, Jacqueline Cramer. Cramer explained that despite the scandal she has a responsibility of basing our environmental policies on the available scientific evidence and the existence of scientific consensus on problematic climate change requires her to take measures against it. It's important to note however that critical theory and historical analysis in general play a major role in the creation of policy. The problem is that historical analysis does not meet the criteria of science. Historical analysisCritical Theory attempts to explain present problems in society on historical trends and power relationships between different groups. To some degree this is true of evolutionary psychology as well, but what separates evolutionary psychology from critical theory is that it's falsifiable. As an example, let us take the simple problem of an absence of women in math, engineering, programming and other math intensive high paying career trajectories compared to low paying career trajectories where they are overrepresented. There are two contradictory explanations here that I will outline below. An explanation based on evolutionary psychology suggests that women are underrepresented because differences in social roles of men and women have led to a difference in skills between men and women. Men were more often engaged in activities that required an advanced understanding of spatial abilities, such as hunting, construction of dwellings and warfare. Men who left their group to hunt by themselves required the ability to guess distance and make mental rotations of their environment. Men who failed at this would die. Similarly, women were more dependent upon empathic skills and thus are more successful at jobs and scientific disciplines that require us to understand the emotions and thought processes that occur in other people's minds, such as psychology. Alternatively, there is an explanation based on critical theory. Critical theory suggests that gender patterns today exist because of the historical oppression of women, which leads to male privilege. Men are taught that they are better at math and math related skills and as a result outperform women. The greater success of men that follows is then seen as evidence of male superiority, thus reinforcing male confidence and thereby reinforcing the greater success of men in these skills. The problem then becomes sexism, whereby any allegation that men might be better at math related tasks than women harms women's self-confidence, thereby creating a performance gap between men and women. Entire scientific disciplines such as Gender studies are based on critical theory. The problem I see however is that critical theory is unfalsifiable. When you declare that one group in society outperforms another group in society because of evolutionary differences, it's possible for us to measure this. As an example, we can do a GWA study to look for significant SNPs and thenlook for signals of positive selection and thereby determine when these alleles become more common in a particular ethnic group or social class. Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence, but evidence of absence can be achieved by screening the entire genome and discovering there to be no alleles capable of explaining our observations. Similarly, an adoption study where girls raised by non-sexist parents turn out much better at mathematics than boys could prove to us that genetic differences between genders must play a negligible role in a certain outcome. In critical theory falsifiability does not appear possible to me. There's no way to falsify the idea that women are underrepresented as engineers because of a long history of sexism, because sexism is seen as a structural problem witnessed in every society known on Earth. Thus for example, if we were to do an adoption study, the girls would still suffer from exposure to systematic sexism. We can't check whether a girl was exposed to sexism in a way that hampered her ability to succeed, and we can't reduce sexism to an absolute zero. Similarly, someone who argues that Africa suffers more violence because Africa had its borders drawn by colonial powers who used a system of divide and conquer to put different groups up against each other (such as Hutu's and Tutsi's in Rwanda) offers us a non-falsifiable explanation. I'm not capable of refuting the suggestion that colonialism caused Africa's ongoing crisis, because I can't do a replication study in which Africa was not colonized to compare the outcome. I'm also not able to separate the effect of various events on a historical outcome. As an example, I have no way of measuring whether the Arab or European slave trade had a worse outcome on Africa's present day situation. Although critical theory was formulated by Marxists, it's perfectly possible to create an alternative critical analysis of history that interprets the plight of heterosexual white males as caused by systematic exploitation by non-whites, homosexuals and women. It's just as easy to argue that the continued impoverishment of Eastern Europe compared to Western Europe and East Asia is caused by the invasion of Genghis Khan who murdered millions of Slavic people, burned down their cities and raped their women. This caused East Europe to lag behind in agricultural innovations and suffer a low population density, which led to late industrialization and eventually to the current state of impoverishment. It would also be just as easy to formulate social policies based on such non-falsifiable explanations of history. Boys perform worse in school than girls because they feel a greater pressure to succeed because boys historically had the role of breadwinners. Europeans perform worse in school than East Asians, because historical genocides and destruction of our culture by Mongolians destroyed our literary tradition. Heterosexual men are systematically underrepresented among fashion designers because heterosexual men are taught that their appearance should be functional and not interfere with their tasks as bread-earners. Social policies based on such unfalsifiable explanations could then be used to come up with quota for heterosexual men in fashion, Europeans in higher education and boys in college. I therefore believe that critical theory has no place in policy making, as its non-falsifiability allows it to be used to justify just about any type of policy. It inevitably ends up in a shouting match in which different groups attempt to portray their own historical suffering as worse than that of other demographics.