I openly admit to reading the book Fifty Shades of Grey. Of course this is the internet and I have used a semi-private username, so it is easier for me to say this. The reason why I'm not completely open about reading the book made me reflect on the reasons for why I am ashamed about reading this book The reason for this is that Fifty Shades of Grey is more than just about sex. It's about relationship violence, manipulation, and the sexual objectification of women. The book is a source of romantic fantasy for women, but the key word is "unrealistic" fantasy. If you are familiar with the story, you know that Anastasia, the main character, and Christian Grey fall in love and she is the one to "change him." It's almost a sexual and abusive version of Beauty and the Beast, one of my favorite Disney movies. My concern is that women read Fifty Shades of Grey and get nothing but negative messages from it. These messages tell them that they can change an abusive relationship, they are to appeal to the man's eye, and that it is okay to objectify your body for the sexual pleasure of men. I want more opinions about this, because to me I am a hypocrite for buying the book. Edit: The hypocrisy here also comes from endorsing the series through buying the book andor movie ticket. Conclusion: I am not a hypocrite for buying and reading the book while disagreeing with the content. I think it's important for me to express how I feel about the book, but in the end Fifty Shades of Grey was meant for entertainment. I didn't enjoy the BDSM theme of the book and can't relate to that sort of "pleasure," therefore I am already bias to the book and I can't understand this appeal. I think the fact that the actions were consensual in the book don't an abusive relationship because it was about submissives, so the characters are not "encouraging" this type of relationship for everyone. It was my choice to read the book, and now it's my choice to give my own review. I may feel it has a negative influence, but I never said "I would never buy that book" for these reasons, therefore I am not a hypocrite. I still think this type of imagery for couples, of any sexuality, is not healthy. Abuse and unequal power between men and women isn't an issue that should even be danced around. It's something to take seriously. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!