Some context: I've been involved in a long, frustrating debate the past few days about God, and whether the proven existence of the supernatural would increase the probability of a God's existence. One of the major counterarguments was that the idea is meaningless, as the supernatural cannot exist. Now, of course, I'm an atheist, so I believe the supernatural [almost surely] does not exist. However, under the proper definition, there is no reason why it should be necessarily self-contradictory. I would define a supernatural beingthingevent as something which operates outside of the "normal" laws of logic and physics in this universe. Now, of course, if the supernatural were to become commonplace, it would merely redefine our laws of logic and physics. Consider something basic, such as a planet with no gravitational pull. We have seen this planet going through space, we can observe it, and it, for no logical reason simply has no gravitational pull. Somehow, this has been proven to occur with this planet and only with this planet. Realistically, were this to happen, I would assume that there's merely some piece to the puzzle that we're missing. That's the rational assumption. However, we're considering the hypothetical where there is no more to the puzzle. That's it. It's simply a planet with, strangely, no gravity. I would assume that something such as this could only have originated outside of the universe. This is the only explanation I can think of for something defying the laws of physics. Note: under this definition, the term "supernatural" would apply to every inhabitant of any separate universe in which the laws of logicphysics differ at all. From our perspective, it would be supernatural. In turn, we would seem supernatural to them. By "the existence of the supernatural," I mean to imply their existence within, or somehow interaction with our universe. Also remember that the existence of the supernatural would likely contradict itself in many forms my argument is only that there are some forms which would be possible, at least to the extent that it is worth considering in a hypothetical example. I'm trying to use this to answer a question from a theist. Please, CMV. Edit: Okay, if I redefine the "supernatural existing" as "anything originating or existing outside of this universe, or just in any sense acting 'separately' from this universe, that can somehow, no matter how limited the form, interact with this universe," would you consider that logically consistent? I believe that's broad enough to cover any problems, and it's good enough to match my purposes. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!