Atheists who want religious or philosophical equality and feminists who want gender equality run into the same problem. The denotation of the word they use and the connotation of the word they use are vastly different. You see, there are quite a few atheists who want religion completely eliminated and some feminists who want females to be superior to men. These extremists are often the loudest, and garner the most media attention. Then, of course, these extremists poison the connotation most ordinary folks have when they hear these words. Lets take a famous example of both of these people pointing out this problem. First, Neil Degrasse Tyson. [Neil deGrasse Tyson: Atheist or Agnostic?] "I'm often asked - and occasionally in an accusatory way - "Are you atheist?" And it's like, you know, the only "ist" I am is a scientist, all right? I don't associate with movements. I'm not an "ism." I just - I think for myself. The moment when someone attaches to a philosophy or a movement, then they assign all the baggage and all the rest of the philosophy that goes with it to you, and when you want to have a conversation they will assert that they already know everything important there is to know about you because of that association." Second, Emma Watson "My recent research has shown me that feminism has become an unpopular word. Apparently I am among the ranks of women whose expressions are seen as too strong, too aggressive, isolating, anti-men and, unattractive. [..]it is not the word that is important but the idea and the ambition behind it.[..] Men - I would like to take this opportunity to extend your formal invitation. Gender equality is your issue too. Because to date, I've seen my father's role as a parent being valued less by society despite my needing his presence as a child as much as my mother's. I've seen young men suffering from mental illness unable to ask for help for fear it would make them look less "macho" - in fact in the UK suicide is the biggest killer of men between 20-49 years of age; eclipsing road accidents, cancer and coronary heart disease. I've seen men made fragile and insecure by a distorted sense of what constitutes male success. Men don't have the benefits of equality either. We don't often talk about men being imprisoned by gender stereotypes but I can see that that they are and that when they are free, things will change for women as a natural consequence. If men don't have to be aggressive in order to be accepted women won't feel compelled to be submissive. If men don't have to control, women won't have to be controlled. Both men and women should feel free to be sensitive. Both men and women should feel free to be strong... It is time that we all perceive gender on a spectrum not as two opposing sets of ideals." The problem in both cases here is the vast gulf between the connotation and denotation of these words. Feminist, denotation - People advocating for gender equality Feminist, connotation - People advocating for man hating and female superiority Atheist, denotation - People with a lack of belief in God Atheist, connotation - People advocating for Christian hating and baby eating (In the western world) People will argue endlessly about what these words REALLY mean, primarily because these words are extremely poisoned words that mean a million different things to different people. So lets not get bogged down by posting dictionary definitions. A word is a symbolic tool humans use to convey meaning to one another. So we could argue endlessly about the true meaning of these words, but the simple truth is that we must acknowledge that these words, in the minds of millions of different people, have millions of different meanings, moreso than most words do. We all have a much better consensus on words like blanket, for example. Ask most feminists and or most atheists, and they would tell you that they don't hate men just because they are men or hate Christians for being Christians and that really what they have a problem with is the way women and atheists are treated in society. But if you were to ask most people what they thought of feminists or atheists and most of them might tell you that these people are extremely intolerant people who hate men and or Christians and eat babies and pray to Satan. So in the future, you should avoid labeling yourself andor allowing other people to define or label you with a word, as Neil Degrasse Tyson so eloquently put it, to assert they already know everything about you that they need to know in order to put you in the atheist or feminist or gamer or hippie box and end the conversation and understanding before the conversation ever starts. That doesn't mean you can't ever label yourself, but if you want to actually have a friendly conversation with someone who might be interested in learning more, be aware of what meaning you are conveying to most people if you wear the badge of atheist or feminist. You can argue until you're blue in the face with people about what you really mean when you say you are an atheist or a feminist, but almost universally the connotation people have with these labels will still be stronger than your trying to convince them it actually means something less hostile than they imagine it to be. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!