Edit - thanks for so far a great response!! I am taking a few minutes at work to read through some of these responses and will try to reply. I will also try to reply to more of them this evening. I love this sub...: First of all, I'm not an economist nor have I formally studied economics. So, if I'm really clearly wrong, this should be easy! Also, I'm talking in the context of the US, where the capital gains tax rate is 15 for individuals. Sensational headline aside, I ACTUALLY believe that it's not black and white, and maybe it's ok to adjust the rate somewhat. However, I more am arguing that people (mostly liberalsdemocrats in US politics) are misguided in the idea that increasing the gains tax to stick it to the rich perhaps is a good idea to solve our economic problems. So, my belief is that capital gains tax should be kept "low" as much as possible. I believe that keeping the capital gains tax rate low is fundamentally a good thing for our economy, and benefits most of us. A low capital gains tax serves to encourage investment in the economy, which provides capital to companies who, of course, employ many of us. Any policy that reduces investment in the economy and encourages people to hold their money reduces the amount of capital that is actively in the economy, and may reduce productivity, employment etc. With reduced productivity, employment, etc., other corporate and personal income tax revenues would (likely) take a hit, counteracting the whole point of raising the capital gains tax to begin with. On the other hand, encouraging people to basically lend their money into the economy with a very low or non-existent capital gains tax makes the prospect of investing better, as the net profit on any returns is better. This encourages pushing capital into the market, where it will be put to use by firms who actively need it to rungrow their businesses. Many people will argue that for pragmatic purposes, we need to raise more tax revenue and 1) it's best to take it from the rich, not the poor and 2) capital gains are "lazy" income. Neither of these arguments will change my view by themselves, so if you wish to go this route you'd better bring numbers to support the idea that raising the capital gains tax would achieve your goals, not just "fuck the rich." Now, I understand that there is some room to increase the tax, which probably won't reduce the amount people invest, so the argument that "a percent or two won't hurt anything" won't get a delta, as it's counter to the spirit of my post. Again, it is my opinion that the general preference should be always towards reducing or maintaining a low capital gains tax. CMV!