I'll start off by saying that I don't think everyone should own a gun. There are certainly people who shouldn't. ineffective [This] post by uWashbag that summarizes a few good points from the report on gun violence in the U.S. done by the CDC. overstepping the bounds of reasonable measures Californias proposed [microstamping] law (firing pins must have a small serial number on them so casings are all imprinted with the number) New Jerseys [Smart Gun Law] (If a Smart Gun is sold anywhere in the country, all new guns in NJ must be equipped with the technology) The ATF banning [7N6] , and now [M855] (These are surplus rounds desired for their cheapness. To my knowledge, they have never been used in a crime where it was more effective than FMJ. The people they appeal to are the people who build 1500 ARs - not the guy robbing the gas station) The ATFs recent ruling on shouldering the [Sig Brace] (An arm brace that people shouldered because it worked better that way. The ATF says shouldering it is "redesigning" it, therefor making the entire gun somehow much more dangerous, and subject to SBR NFA provisions - 200 tax stamp, finger prints, etc.) None of these measures do anything to stop the guy robbing your house or shooting his neighbor with a 200 handgun. They only target the law-abiding enthusiast market, who are not the people responsible for the vast majority of gun crimes. driven by ignorance Carolyn McCarthy referring to a barrel shroud as the shoulder thing that goes up Diana DeGette thinking that [magazines can only be used once] Kevin De Leon referring to a receiver as a [30 caliber clip] , which was capable of firing 30 rounds within half of a second, and then restated, "A 30 magazine clip in half a second." Most gun control advocates I've talked with have no experience with guns, andor think they are only intended for killing "Assault weapon" is a buzzword invented to cause confusion between assault rifles and sporting rifles, which are very different guns subject to very different regulations. Unless the owner dropped 20k on a gun, any given rifle is almost certainly not an assault rifle. and much of it should be repealed There is no evidence that gun control in the U.S. has any positive effect. In fact, it's correlated with [increased] homicides. These are laws which only affect law-abiding citizens, and further restrict their access to a perfectly legitimate sport and hobby. They are addressing the wrong guns, the wrong people, and being passed as means of slowly pushing us down a slippery slope that we never get to step back up. Now I'll address some pro gun control arguments: Guns are intended to kill Just about all modern guns are intended in every way for two purposes: sporting, and defense. For the most part, these are separate (e.g. the AR is a sporting rifle, while subcompact handguns are for defense), but there is no reason they can't be one in the same (SBRs). Nobody wants to take your guns [Dianne Feinstein] is pretty open about her desire to completely ban all guns Most people won't just say "I think we should ban all guns." Legislation even poking at that would never pass. What's happening instead is little bits and pieces are being taken away. Individually, these bits don't seem like much - universal background checks, magazine limits, etc. don't directly infringe my ability to "keep and bear arms." After all, a single-shot rifle is still an arm which I can keep and bear. But summed up, they are major hits to our ability to exercise a right guaranteed to us. In 1980, I could walk into a store, buy a .22 semi-auto rifle, a brick of ammo for pennies, and go about my day. Now, in states like California, a rifle having a pistol grip, muzzle break, or any number of other benign features is illegal. Hell, they have a list of approved handguns. Since when should I need approval to exercise a right? Gun control works in X country The U.S. is in a unique situation for a couple of reasons. Firstly, our ability to own guns is not a privilege like it is in most other countries, but a right guaranteed to us by our founding documents. When our country was created, the 2nd amendment wasn't mistakenly added or snuck in. It was deliberately put in there so to as to be as equally protected as the 1st or any others. And it was not put in there to protect our right to hunt. Secondly, we have almost as many [guns as we do people] , and we don't want to give them up. These guns would remain in circulation well after any form of ban, and would only be accessible on the black market. When Chicago banned handguns, it didn't do anything to remove the handguns already in circulation. Consequentially, the crime rate [spiked afterwards] (along with the rest of the country that didn't enact such measures), and is only now coming back to normal (again, with the rest of the country). Background checks I like the current system of background checks. The 4473 is kept on file for 20 years, and if a gun is found at the scene of a crime, it can be traced back to whoever originally completed the background check. I do not like the idea of universal background checks. Under Washington's I-594, letting my friend shoot my gun without paying an FFL a 50 transfer fee and completing a 4473 would make us felons. Passing examples of guns around in a hunting safety class would have the same results for all participants. A good compromise on this issue would be to open the NICS to the public, and simply hold private sellers responsible for transferring a gun to somebody who would fail the background check. There's no such thing as a "slippery slope" Generally, the slippery slope is a logical fallacy. However, applied to gun control, it is a very real threat. There are parties actively pushing for more restrictions on gun ownership, and never give back any inch they've taken (see: 7N6, GCA, suppressors being NFA items). They want a slippery slope. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!