I believe that the policies (and attempted policies) of the Abbott government have on the whole been extremely harmful to Australia. Firstly, Abbott has dismantled legislated related to climate change (PS. please don't try and point out that the harm from this hasn't occurred yet. The point is that these policies will be harmful in the long run). There seems to be pretty strong scientific evidence for climate change and even if you think there is a chance these scientists might be wrong, it isn't worth the risk. Abbott wanted to deregulate university fees. The problem with this is that the market is only efficient in the absence of market distortions. Because students in Australia have HECS and don't have to pay back any money until they are working (and then only at most a percentage of their income), they are largely price insensitive and this will result in price gorging and be very expensive for the government which will have to lend more money (losing a certain percentage of this money to defaults or the low rates of interests they charge). Abbott has alienated key constitutionalities by placing Women and Aboriginal rights under his own department. Abbott has opposed same-sex marriage. Abbott has promoted an extremely expensive parental leave scheme that would pay women their full wage during this leave (up to a certain amount), with much of this coming from the government. This is a very inefficient way to spend money - sure, women could use some extra support when they are having a child, but trying to ensure that women on good money are getting paid their full wage is just wasteful. I'm sure you will all find lots of reasons why none of this is as bad as I've said, but what I'm mainly looking for is someone to argue that the Abbott government's policies have or will be good for Australia. I don't want to hear something along the lines of "by being so bad the Abbott government has managed to discredit conservatism or particularly bad policy X." Instead, I want to see if anyone actually believes that the policies of the Abbott government are good in themselves. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!