A couple years back, a clothing department store JC Penney's had Ron Johnson step into the CEO role. He was tasked with bringing new life to the store, and decided on a "Fair and Square" approach. He was going to do away with many of the deceptive tactics that had been in use previously. Before, sales were used heavily to sway customers. Items would be marked up by 20, then placed on a 20 off rack. Generally at a given time 50-60 of the merchandise would be on sale, with some items never being sold at it's "normal price" at all. Anything that was off sale was priced at a ludicrous markup. Jonson did away with sales entirely, and marked all the shelves with the true prices. Further, he eliminated the 44.99 pricing, rounding to whole numbers. I believe coupons were also cut back. As the title suggests, this failed colossally. Sales dove dramatically, customers left, and many predict the store won't ever fully recover. There's a few ideas why this happened, the most supported is that people like sales. Buying a 30 pair of jeans feels nice, but buying an 8030 pair feels awesome. Other factors like the .99 pricing also contributed. JC Penney's felt more expensive without the trick, despite being on paper the most honest pricing. This is highly contradictory to the "rational consumer" model that various degrees of free market supporters often rely on. While market issues from bad choices are brought up often, the conversation is generally toward vague regulations issues, scheming boards, or X group being uninformed consumers. Here we have a prime example where no government oversight contributed to the problem, where the CEO was replacing actually deceptive practices openly, and the primary customers are fairly well off, educated, middle to old age patrons. I side with Johnson, and would have thought this successful before. That it failed, and failed on such a magnitude leads me to believe a truly free or very free market relying on choices like this one are detrimental over our current system. The market solution here is objectively the worse one. Instead of competitors dumping their now admittedly deceptive tactics, Penney's [apologizes] and goes back to it's [deceptive tactics] . Further, the competition is now incentivized to find better ways to do sales, impulse buys, or pricing tricks. I believe this is detrimental to market systems, and to the quality of life of the consumers. We should not over-rely on consumer habits.