Basically, caveat emptor. If you make a decision to purchase property near an airport, it is your responsibility to be aware of the scope of the airport's operations, including noise pollution and typical flight hours. Additionally, you should expect that airport expansion is inevitable with population growth; if an airport doubles its daily flights due to increased demand, tough luck, you should have seen it coming. If the airport was built before you moved in, you should not get to complain about noise from aircraft, flights at odd hours, the frequency of flights, or proposed facility expansions. You should have no standing to lobby for a reduction or elimination of airport operations. You should have no standing to oppose facility expansions, like new terminals. You live near an airport, and while it may be somewhat inconvenient to have planes roaring over your head or ample ground traffic related to the airport, the value of your home should presumably have reflected those things when you purchased it. There are also U.S federal standards regarding aircraft noise, and some jurisdictions have noise abatement requirements above and beyond those of the FAA. California, for example, requires that airports either install sound insulation in structures affected by 65db noise or purchase such properties outright for demolition. And often times airports voluntarily establish other noise reduction measures. My only exception to my view involves new runway construction that impacts homes that were not previously affected by existing flight paths. [So the folks who live under the new flightpaths into Chicago O'Hare] probably have valid complaints because they were there before the newly-aligned runways were built. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!