I think that an important yardstick for whether or not you should be in a relationship with someone is whether or not they are willing to shave your butthole. Clarification: In this post, when talking about shaving buttholes, I mean with trimmers. I would recommend against shaving buttholes or any form of pubes with a close-shave razor. Shaved buttholes are superior to un-shaved buttholes. For people without much natural butthole hair this may seem like a non-issue. For people like me, butthole hair is a common nuisance. It can easily become dried out and cause irritation. During any type of anal play, it can get pulled, which is painful. A smoother asshole is also much sexier. If you are sexually attracted to butthole hair, I would consider you the outlier and this discussion is not for you. Most things can be done alone, but shaving your own butthole is difficult. Sexual release can be achieved through masturbation or casual sex. Group activities such as movies and dinner can be done with friends. You can reduce your share of the rent by acquiring a roommate. Even raising kids is increasingly being done by single parents. If what you need is love, y'all motherfuckers need Jesus. Contrarily, shaving your own butthole is as close as things come to having to literally bend over backwards in order to accomplish. Someone who is willing to shave your butthole is someone you can depend on for anything. Without butthole shaving as a yardstick, it's anyone's guess as to what they'll feel they're above doing. You could very well get stuck unclogging all of the toilets, or having to go with those big zits on your back unpopped. Worse, what if they are similarly squeamish when you're choking on a carrot, and they let you suffocate? Butthole shaving could mean the difference between life and death. Anyone who will have sex with a butthole, but isn't willing to shave one, is immediately suspect. This type of personal clearly cares about their own sexual gratification than your own butthole's comfort. Obviously, them being willing to shave your butthole isn't necessarily an indication that you should marry them either, as they might just be shaving your butthole for their own personal enjoyment. Other comments: Though I would consider an unwillingness to shave buttholes a dealbreaker, I would avoid bringing it up at the first date, or even the second. In many ways, "I would shave your butthole" is practically synonymous with "I love you" and should be handled with care accordingly. Buttholes are not for everyone. Needless to say, if you're the type of couple who aren't ever going to go near each other's buttholes, this discussion doesn't apply to you. More power to you. An unwillingness to shave my butthole is a dealbreaker. Change my view! EDIT: [A song to go with this thread]