So I just watched this Last Week Tonight segment: It was entertaining, and while I agreed with a lot of it, what really pissed me off was the whole "interviewing people on the street" thing and the whole rabble about how "the average person doesn't know or care." Fact of the matter is, most of us "average people" are specialists. We know an awful lot about a small segment of the world. I know about issues like net neutrality and government surveillance and dumb stuff like Sakawa because I hang around in those circles. But if you asked me about just about anything else, I'd give some vague or hilariously misinformed response. Conflict in the Middle East? "Yeah, that's been going on forever and'll never get resolved. People fighting over the Gaza Strip or something, idk." Gay rights? "Social progress is being made. I'm sure we'll all have equality soon enough. Uganda has some horrific laws." I'm exaggerating, but you get the idea. Or stuff like this: Of course, to me it seems crazy to not know what a web browser is, but really, expecting the average person on the street to tell you what a web browser is an unreasonable expectation, the same way I dunno anything about my car engine or about plumbing aside from how to use a plunger. Instead, what we expect is that everyone specializes in some stuff and those specialists take care of that stuff for us. The computer engineer writes the software for the plumber, and the plumber fixes the computer engineer's pipes. The most obvious counterargument that comes to mind is "policy is about what government can do to everyone, as citizens. As citizens, we all have an obligation to know about how policy affects us." But I don't think that's valid because there's just FAR, FAR too much policy for any person to know about. People just have to pick and choose the few issues they care most about. And statistically, the chances of two people who care about the same issues meeting at random are just really small. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!