Just about the only 'irrational' belief I've carried with me into my adult life is that I have lived at least one lifetime before that which I am currently experiencing. The main source of this belief is my persistent and inexplicable emotional reaction to household objects, artworks, historical photographs etc. from the late 1940s to the early 1980s (ending about five years before I was 'born. Whenever I enter a home or used-goods store containing a large quantity of objects from any or all of those decades years I feel a profound and discomforting sense of loss, of which I've never felt in any other situation. I've never lost a loved one, but when I find myself in those kinds of places I always get an odd sense of familiarity (like walking the halls of your school as an adult) coupled with the feeling that someone or something very dear to me has been taken away. I've come to the conclusion that in some strange way I'm mourning my 'self' along with those I may have left behind. This does not tend to happen in places filled with objects of a noticeably older time period, like museums. For those who would call my belief in reincarnation wishful thinking (if death is not an end, but a new beginning, well isn't that a nice thought?) let me say that on a basic emotional level this isn't a very good feeling that I get, and I kind of wish it didn't happen. Nevertheless for obvious reasons it still fascinates me. In broad terms, what is the most logical argument against the idea of reincarnation that you have heard or can come up with yourself? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!