Am I pro bully? After careful thought and review, I am against these anti-bullying campaigns. This issue is important to me. I went to almost 20 schools before graduating high school which was one of many reasons I was bullied frequently. Bullying is part of the acceptance process . The new kid comes in, kids usually poke fun of him before anything else. Their response tells far more than what they children are saying. Getting angry is usually the worst thing you can do in this situation. Using authority to handle bullying as a first resort is problematic. It teaches children to avoid solving or dealing with awkward social challenges other than by hoping there is some authority figure that will step in and fix the situation. That's not how the real world or healthy adults usually function. Identity concepts are huge for school children, and the anti bullying campaign sets up a LOSE-LOSE situation. Identifying a kid as a BULLY, as is so often done, rather than identifying the behavior as aggressive or bullying seems to be the common tone I've seen. Teaching a child to IDENTIFY with negative, aggressive traits that are likely to cause future problems seems like the first push toward the high school to jail pipeline. How many times in detention or getting suspended would it for Janet to start believing that she is a BULLY and behaving accordingly. On the flip side of the identity coin, identifying a child as a VICTIM of bullying and encouraging a victim mentality has well documented negative effects. So far we've taken a common schoolhouse scene we've all played both roles in. We're being taught to insert authority into a situation before working through it ourselves. We're attaching punishments and encouraging unhealthy identifying labels in the process. The bullying policies remind me of the zero tolerance policies in the past that turned a simple fist fight into expulsion. Finally, the "VICTIM" here is often the one that would BENEFIT from more FOCUS rather than whoever their bully may happen to be at the moment. I suspect that if anyone has made it this far, this may be the least attractive of my suggestions but it is the most important. We need to teach how to deal with rejection, even social rejection in masse. Children should be taught that even as adults they may have to face awkward situations that they have to resolve up until a certain point. Children should be taught to accept themselves rather than seeking or fearing external validation. They can learn that sometimes people are ugly and sometimes people are beautiful. How to stop identifying with the bullies victim and how to start identifying behaviors in themselves and others that may encourage this situation. My experience with bullying has been both personal and professional at times. Personally, I used to identify with and exemplify a victim mentality. Regardless of how many schools I went to or neighborhoods I lived in, the same bullying type behavior was repeated wherever I went. Not only was the behavior repeated, but the more I feared bullying and identified with being a victim the quicker and harsher the same situations presented themselves. Normal joking was instantly bullying or worse in my head. The situations I found myself in ranged from uncommon to extremely unlikely. Getting into fights, being jumped, and even shot at and kidnapped. It should be noted, that although children rarely need reasons to get picked on, I had plenty of reasons that suited them just fine. Buck teeth, followed by braces and acne. Super skinny and awkward, I was usually last picked at sports. Always the new guy, separated from other children in my neighborhood for TAG programs, and too shy to do more than dream of talking to the women that barely looked at me were additional factors. It's hard to express the torment and utter self hate I felt during this period, realizing I always seemed the victim of life's cruel jokes and I believed I deserved it. Eventually, I learned to accept myself at a deep level. I stopped inviting or allowing drama into my life. I realized that people might laugh at me when I was clumsy, tease me at times, and that any insecurities I had would not stay hidden for long. I felt empathy for my would-be-bullies, and realized that would laugh at the same things there were if the situations were reversed. I realized a lot of it really was funny, and I started laughing at myself. Suddenly, I was developing friendships, having fun, and the sensitive points evolved. I took a lifelong interest in these issues, social psychology, group dynamics, etc. At 19, I got my first girlfriend and the issues of dating, romance, sex, and attraction began to receive focus. I have personally taught many people to overcome similar problems. Embracing themselves, empowering them to change how the world perceives them, and seeing men gain confidence and transform their lives rather than accepting a victim mentality or blaming the bullies in their lives, whoever they may be. Note: Bullying can be severe leading to violence, humiliation and depression. While treating these symptoms as they occur is necessary, empowering would be victims can break the cycle faster than demonizing children or setting them up as victims. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!