I really think if you have money to give to charity you should think carefully about where you donate it. I think or similar is a good place to start. I think cures for cancer are a waste of money. Most people who get cancer do so because they lived unhealthy lives. The money donated to cure them would be better spent allowing those people to access healthier life styles, rather than pumping unhealthy people them full of drugs. I've read this which seems to refute my view. But this article does state that 30 of cancer deaths are caused by environmental factors. Given that according to giving what we can thinks that 200 or so can save a human life, and that most cancer drugs cost that to extend the life of someone suffering from the disease for less than a month normally I think they're a waste of money. It would be more effective to spend that money elsewhere, either directly savings lives or helping promote healthier lifestyles. I've gotta admit I'm pulling the 200.00 figure out of my ass. EDIT: I think I've certainly had aspects of my view changed. First off that cancer is mostly a lifestyle disease, this isn't the case clearly after a bit of rooting around. I thought it was only very old or unhealthy people who got it, this isn't the case. I'm very bloody wrong and sorry about that. I think I probably owe people some delta's but I'm shattered so I'll get on that later EDIT: Okay view changed. I guess for an individual I still believe that their money is best spent on smaller projects where they can have the biggest impact, but when it comes to governments assigning resources 1. it isn't an either or choice 2. it is not possible to compare the two. I guess if push came to shove you'd have to make that choice, but I'm not well informed enough on either subject to make that call, and I would imagine it would be a far more complex decision than just cancer research or poverty reduction (i.e. this research project or the other, this poverty reduction initiate or the other). I'll dish out some deltas. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!