I believe that absolute values for moral and immoral behavior exist, and that every action is in fact made up of several separate moral and immoral components. Within this system moral behavior could be broadly described as that which endeavors to aid the human race, protect life and human rights, and preserve a healthy environment for the prolonged future of the species. Immoral behaviors could be similarly defined as those which are purposed to bring death or injury to another, those which benefit one member or subset of the human race at the expense of another, those which actively neglect another human in need, or otherwise do physical, emotional, spiritual or other harm to humans on any scale. For example, a police officer responds to an armed robbery in progress. In the course of discharging his duties he is forced to fire his weapon at the perpetrator, killing him, to prevent the death of the victim. The police officer has done both a moral act (in protecting the life and property of the establishment and victim) as well as an immoral one (in taking a human life). Obviously this system is flawed and the various "shades of grey" become harder and harder to distinguish in higher-order situations (such as making an immoral decision to preserve resources for a later, larger moral decision; or else the only "pure white" path through life would be to give away everything you own and wander the world doing what good you could without ever keeping anything for yourself). Personally, however, I take issue with the fact that I can't come up with a scenario which allows for one to realistically make it through life without making immoral choices. All thoughts appreciated, of course, but specifically I'm looking for things which help me reconcile the fact that I'm pretty much doomed to make immoral choices and can't do anything about it. That could be showing me a way to work my system to "live white," convincing me that the blackwhite line is in a different place than I believe, showing me how to be ok with living some shade of grey, or whatever else you brilliant folks come up with. If I had all the answers I wouldn't be here, neh?