The U.S. Constitution is an old document. At the time it was written, it made a lot of sense, and it was a large jump ahead for democracy, politics, and the human condition as a whole. Unfortunately, failure to foresee that conditions in the future might warrant a radically different document means that the Constitution enshrines certain rights that make no sense in the modern day, and can indeed be harmful to the fabric of society, while ignoring others that are now far more relevant. The Constitution depends on there being nearly no nuance in the rights it affords, something that may have worked better in a simpler, less complex, and crucially, less populous nation. The problem is compounded by the fact that making substantial changes to the document is difficult, if not to say nearly impossible in any but the best of circumstances. Those combined factors mean that the U.S. may, slowly but surely, become backward compared to other countries with modern founding documents and laws. The solutions are apparent, and in some cases have been tested successfully in other countries, but the Constitution makes change insubstantial and insufficient if changes come at all. Edit: Having trouble answering every single post, bear with me. Edit2: I read everything posted and consider it... This slows down responses. Edit3: Against my better judgement... I think this'll derail things more than anything but multiple people have asked. [First Amendment as it relates to corporate personhood and lobbying.] [Second Amendment as it relates to gun deaths in the U.S.] [Fourth Amendment as it relates to privacy, specifically digital privacy] [Tenth Amendment as it relates to federalized health services.] Those are my favorite problematic Amendments. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!