Indisputably, terrorism has always been a force for both good and evil. Terrorism here will be defined as the use or threat of violence (i.e. terror) to coerce or subdue a population, government, or other entity for political, economic, religious, and cultural purposes. It was an relatively important factor in the American Revolution, it has mobilized populations and usurped dictators. It complemented the peaceful side of the Civil Rights Movement. Conversely, the use of terrorism has killed many innocent civilians, given international voice to the inherently irrational, espoused rape camps in many conflicts, etc. Obviously, many governments are corrupt, oppressive, etc. However, in corrupt governments such as the U.S.A., where government is more or less an extension of corporate power, it is from said corporate influence that the middle class continues to disappear, the environment continues to be destroyed, entities deemed "too big to fail" remain above the law, the list goes on. (Even if you do not agree entirely to the above, imagine it a hypothetical until you've caught up on current affairs). Note: SONY was not hacked due to their corrupt outreach in oppressive social policy and law, so let us not dwindle on that. Note bene: I do not encourage or support terrorism although in some historical instances I find it a necessary evil. Likewise, participating in this thread is for intellectual and argumentative purposes and comments in the below thread should not be considered in support or against terrorism, either. TL;DR: Corporations hurt the people more than government, and therefore should be the object of terrorism, if it MUST exist, for our time. EDIT: Thanks guys for an interesting discussion. A lot of people had great contributions that really got my wheels turning. I now think corporations do what they can get away with because they legally can, and this is a governmental and regulatory problem above all. Thanks for the hand-holding despite my somewhat asinine arguments. Also, I conclude that terrorism almost invariably causes human casualties and I cannot, in good conscience, say it is justifiable even in it's most innocuous (read: inert) forms. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!