A comment thread on rbestof is discussing the dangers of trusting information you read on subjects you are uninformed about, with some branches discussing how much misinformation is contained in newspapers. To take [one representative comment] : It used to be so easy to blindly believe what I read in the newspaper. Then I read a story about something I was directly involved in. It was astounding how many things they got completely wrong. Many have upvoted and confirmed this view with their own stories, with some quoting the so-called [Murray Gell-Mann Amnesia effect] . Briefly stated, the Gell-Mann Amnesia effect works as follows. You open the newspaper to an article on some subject you know well. In Murray's case, physics. In mine, show business. You read the article and see the journalist has absolutely no understanding of either the facts or the issues. Often, the article is so wrong it actually presents the story backward-reversing cause and effect. I call these the "wet streets cause rain" stories. Paper's full of them. While I'm sure there are many cases of media getting stories wrong, I think the extent to which newspapers are mistaken is exaggerated, and fails to take account of what a newspaper is for. Many stories published are not particularly contentious. For instance political speeches are reported verbatim, with added background thrown in that is relevant to the particular audience of that publication. Financial results, product announcements and many common stories are done fairly accurately, because there is not much to get wrong. That said, journalists will admit that newspapers represent a kind of "best guess" on many issues, and that the industry is generalist rather than specialist, especially in the case of mainstream news sources. The industry often simplifies things, but that is partly because of time and space constraints. If you want to understand something in-depth you should be buying a book, not a paper. Every so often newspapers get things horrendously wrong, particularly in the sensational world of the popular press. But these stories take up an inappropriate amount of space in the public impression of the media, and are hugely outnumbered by the mundane stories the press gets more or less right. I could go on at some length about the influence of public relations firms and other corrupting forces on the industry, but on the whole I'd suggest papers are pretty accurate given their intended purpose. So long as you bear in mind the limits of the format and don't take any of it too seriously it is a valuable information source. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!