I am a Texan. I recently had a conversation with some French tourists. I was out of town in Amarillo on business and they were on vacation driving along Route 66. They asked me where I was from and I said I am from a large suburb of Dallas. Their follow up question was something to the effect of "Do you like to ride horses and herd cows?." At which point I politely explained that the DallasFort WorthArlington Metropolitan Statistical area is home to 6.8 million people living in (in some places) quite high density and that you are far more likely to encounter a white collar worker or graduate student in my area than a cowboy. This was met with what I can only describe as arrogant laughter. I wish I could say that this experience is uncommon. Often when people see that I am a white man from Texas they assume that I drive a massive truck, am a fundamentalist Christianradical conservative, work in oil or am a cowboy, am uneducated, lack sophistication, own guns and live on a farm. My friends report similar experiences. This is far from the truth. In fact, I drive a midsized sedan (I walk mostly because I live in a densely populated mixed use development), I am nonreligious and extremely liberal (I voted for Jill Stein in 2012), I do not work for big oil and the only farming I do is my windowsill herb garden and houseplant, I'm less than 5 months from completing a masters degree (Summa Cum Laude), I often visit art galleries (I also visit the orchestra, drink craft beer, etc.), I don't own a gun and would sooner live in a highrise building than on a ranch. I feel like the stereotype of Texans is completely unfair and not representative of many people at all. Evidence: There are 4 metropolitan areas in Texas with over 1 million residents. These are Austin, Houston, San Antonio and DallasFort Worth. There are numerous prestigious universities here and technology such as the microchip was invented it here. We have the headquarters of NASA and are a telecom hub. Green energy is one of the fastest growing industries in the state. Even with the most shamelessly gerrymandered districts in the country, 13 of the state legislature is Democrat. Meanwhile, many local governments maintain extremely liberal policies. The state is megadiverse. 50.2 of residents are members of ethnic minorities. Sure, a huge portion of the population is Evangelical, but this population is largely spread out diffusely over the more rural parts of the state while secularism and religious diversity is common in urban centers. This is unfair to me and hurts my ability to be taken seriously outside of Texas. This is has significant implications outside of simply being annoying. The stigma affects my career and social life. TL;DR: Stereotypes of Texans are inaccurate for a large portion of the population and are both harmful and offensive. EDIT: Minor copy editing Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!