In the past few years an idea has been going around that robots and computers will eventually replace all jobs, because they will be able to do our jobs faster, cheaper, and better. The narrative goes that once that starts to happen on a large scale, people who are not part of a small privileged minority (who own the means of production) will see a dramatic and permanent decrease in their quality of life. This view is probably best presented by this fantastic video [Humans Need Not Apply] . To be clear, I am not arguing against the idea that robots and computers will someday replace mostall existing jobs. I'm arguing against the idea that it will make us less well off and nobody will be able to find a job. I disagree mainly with this view's long term conclusions. Eliminating jobs through technology can only result in a society with more wealth for everyone. In my opinion, thinking that large scale automation results in a lower standard of living for most people shows an ignorance of economics and a failure to take into account all the effects automation would have in the long run. Here is my reasoning... First, let's look at how improved technology benefits an industry, and some examples of what that's looked like in the past. It's fairly easy to show that in the near term, automating away jobs in one particular industry benefits everyone else while harming the people in that industry. When refrigeration started becoming widespread, ice suppliers were soon wiped out while everyone else's quality of life increased dramatically. Yes, ice suppliers used to be a thing. Over the past 30 years, longshoremen have found themselves less and less needed, while everyone else enjoys cheaper and more reliable oversea bulk freight, resulting in cheaper... everything really. Also note that there was a lot of political outcry because of both technological improvements. People saw jobs being eliminated and talked about how the new technology will make everyone poorer. They were wrong of course. In the long term, the harming of a particular industry ceases to be a problem, because the industry gets replaced by new industries with different jobs, jobs that result in better lives for people than the old industry ever did. Instead of ice suppliers, we have the jobs in other industries that the increase in efficiency of refrigeration allows: being able to refrigerate things for much cheaper and for longer caused a boom in a lot of other industries such as farming, transportation, restauranteuring, food and beverage manufacturing, etc. Not to mention the people that make and service the freezers that replaced the ice suppliers. In all, more jobs were eventually created by refrigeration than refrigeration replaced. And up to this point in human history, this is what all technology has done in the long run. Every useful invention so far has made our lives better. Most people who hold the view that future automation will harm most people respond along the lines that it's different this time because technology won't replace one industry, but nearly every industry. First of all, this view generalizes the negatives without generalizing the corresponding positives... namely, if nearly every industry is automated away, we will see a corresponding increase in quality and quantity of nearly all goods. And the corresponding plummet in prices. If the production of a car, from mining of raw materials, to assembly, to sales, is all automated, how much will that car cost? A lot less. Secondly and most importantly, this view looks at job elimination and assumes it's permanent. This is nonsense if history is to be our guide. In the new hypothetical world of abundant, dirt-cheap quality goods and services, most people will find some (new) way to make a living. Just because we don't know what that way is doesn't mean it won't happen. Note that I don't necessarily think that automation won't hurt some people or make some people poorer. I think that this will happen in the short term, and we ought to come up with some support system for this. But in the long term automation can only help. 10 years after that dark time, things will be looking different. 30 years after, things will be amazing. Though I feel strongly about this subject now I am definitely open to having my view changed. The idea that automation will hurt people in a long term way seems to be pretty widespread, but I haven't seen any convincing arguments for it that take all the effects of automation into account. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!