TL;DR: In order for the American people to have a significant role with the current government and structure, we would all have to become significantly more informed than we currently are. The American political system can be criticized on many levels. For example, many feel that the America's FPTP system is to blame, as it reduces electoral competition as per Duverger's law. Others feel that a more powerful criticism is that single-member districts allow legislators to engage in partisan gerrymandering, diluting the voter strength of the opposition party. Some blame draconinan Voter ID laws meant to disenfranchise certain demographic groups. Some blame America's campaign finance system, asserting that unrestricted donations from individuals and corporations corrupts the system and makes legislators beholden to their donors and backers rather than to their constituents. Some assert that the aforementioned problems are compounded by issues in the political economy: neoliberal economic policies that allowed the rich to take a higher share of national income and wealth enabled them to game the political system in their favor. Moreover, many political scientists look at how governance is affected by both actors and institutions. The institutional design of the U.S. federal government necessities compromise; however, when the political parties are unwilling to work together (as is the case now), the gears of government grind to a halt. As per the conditional party government theory, when the parties are internally homogeneous and polarized, efficiency increases in the House due to positive and negative gate-keeping by the Speaker, but efficiency is worsened in the Senate due to the filibuster (unless one party has 60 members). As a result, during periods of divided government, little gets done. Furthermore, the constitutional design of the U.S. and the system of federalism could lead to political dysfunction. While all of these are arguably problems (depending on your viewpoint), I feel that above all else, the main problem is a dangerously ill-informed populace. Most voters don't have any meaningful knowledge of American history, world history, political theory (knowing about the principles upon which America is based), economics, business, science, sociology, foreign policy, etc. I'm not saying that it's practical or expected for people to become experts in all of these fields, but they need some basic knowledge so that they can think for themselves to some degree. Moreover, people don't spend enough time critically thinking about the various issues in politics (both issues that affect them personally and issues that affect America at large), and don't adequately analyze the positions of the candidates. Furthermore, people are so ill-informed that they fail to even apply basic mathematics to real world issues. As a result, they fall for all sorts of hilariously misguided policies, and mathematically impossible schemes. There's a concept in politics called 10 words which is, if you can't simplify a policy issue in 10 words or less, your audience won't get it. Most issues are extremely complex, involving multiple sides all with gains and losses, and the majority of the audience are extremely incapable of truly grasping them. Voters often use heuristics to determine their vote; as a result, the are easily manipulated by pundits whom voters believe to knowledgeable. Because of low information voters, politicians have an incentive to pander the lowest common denominator, and to appeal to people's fears and emotions. Consequently, voters don't choose the best candidate. They chooses the candidate who promises the most and best things (regardless of whether the candidate can actually get these things done), and uses flashy vacuous feel-good psuedo-inspirational political rhetoric (compare this to Britain where candidates focus more on concrete policy and use facts and figures in their debates). Politicians focus more on rhetoric appealing to pathos rather than formulating concrete policy to the nation's problems. Since people are so vulnerable to manipulation, politicians can convince voters to vote against their interests, and make them genuinely believe lies including the belief that man-made climate change isn't a real thing, and that cutting taxes on the very wealthy (aka job creators) will trickle down to the poorest worker. The reason why politicians care more about serving special interests is because politicians would rather impose diffuse costs on voters at large while providing specific benefits to politically engaged special interest groups RATHER than providing diffuse benefits to voters (a politically disengaged group) and providing specific costs to special interests. After all, politicians can later delude their constituents into thinking that their evisceration of energy efficiency standards actually helps voters by "creating more jobs" or something. People often blame SuperPACS and the Koch brothers, etc, for rigging the electoral system. But ultimately, what they are doing is airing ads, sending leaflets, disseminating their views on the internet, doing marketing campaigns, etc. It's not as if the Koch brothers are literally forcing the viewers of their ads to vote for particular candidates. Voters still do have the final say in whom they vote for. If people became more genuinely educated and aware about these issues, they would be able to think for themselves, and would be better able to critique the positions of political candidates and resist the propaganda spewed by pundits and candidates (and their campaigns). If people actually exercised their voting right in a meaningful manner, politicians would be less beholden to special interests and would have an incentive to pursue policies actually in line with the genuine views of their constituents. Moreover, voters would pick higher quality candidates who instead of focusing all their time trying to fundraise from special interests and deluding voters, would focus on legislating policy to deal with America's genuine issues (climate change, education, etc). EDIT: Thanks for the excellent comments everyone! Pretty much everyone who posted had something insightful to say. I have changed my view, and you can view my post [here]