Edit: I should have said "inherently better" rather than moral. To determine morality we must first choose a ethical system through which to view the actions, and I think that is outside the scope of this CMV. I constantly see posts advocating adoptingrescuing over acquiring a dog from a breeder. I argue that breeders serve an important purpose and that buying a dog from a responsible breeder is not inferior to adopting. To clarify what I mean by responsible breeder: A responsible breeder will: be active in some aspect of their breed, whether it is field trials, showing, herding, agility, etc and has had success with their dogs get health certifications (not just a "vet check on all applicable health issues in their breed screen potential buyers and reject any that are not well suited to the needs of the breed provide in depth consultation prior to purchase and throughout the life of the dog Breeders are necessary to ensure the continuation of individual breeds of dog. Different dogs are vastly different and serve different needs. You'd never use a chihuahua as a bird dog, but a bird dog is similarly ill suited as a companion to an elderly person. Note: I do not want to have a discussion of the breeds that are undeniably a disaster. Breeding dogs such as bulldogs, pugs, GSD with extreme angulation, etc is not responsible breeding. Anyone who breeds these dogs would not fall under my definition of "responsible breeder." I see this viewpoint espoused frequently and I'm looking forward to hearing the other side. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!