Organizations across the world all have widely disparate views on what the actual "cure" for poverty in the developing world, the most consistent crisis in our modern world, is. Some larger organizations like the UN or World Bank have gone with reforming government and eliminating corruption, other smaller orgs have pushed microfinance, and certain faith-based groups believe the solution is putting a wafer on your tongue and saying some incantations.just kidding, religious homies. I love you guys. While the solutions are multifaceted and endlessly complicated, it seems that the most important part would be the empowerment of women. A few reasons: The feminist movement in America (the one I'm most familiar with) has shown that women and men are capable of contributing to society as equals, and that neither is inherently superior to the other. When women are relegated to lesser roles, as often happens in many parts of sub-Saharan Africa, the economy loses the potential contributions of half of its population. HIVAIDS and overpopulation continue to plague the developing world. Giving women control over their rate of reproduction would absolutely help to curb this trend, ensuring that the family is at a manageable size. Furthermore, it would allow girls to grow into women without the responsibility of caring for a child, giving them more opportunities to grow and learn in their young adulthood. In much the same way that the economy might benefit from an increased diversity of opportunities for its female population, a government relieved (even marginally) of patriarchy would likely be less prone to corruption and dirty work. This seems self-evident: by not closing down discussion with half of your population, the policy arguments will automatically become more robust and meaningful. The test case for my view would be [Bangladesh] . Their economy has grown by [5-6 every year since 1996] . Their strategy has largely been to increase the availability of microfinancing and business opportunities for women. While it is still impoverished by most standards, it has made some of the most substantial gains in the developing world that we've yet seen. So, tackling poverty is a huge effort involving many, many different smaller efforts. Making health care more available, strengthening infrastructure, government reform, and access to clean water all have their place (just to name a couple of things). But from what I can tell, the necessary linchpin is giving women agency and control of their role in the economy and society. I'd love to get some more insight into what other poverty reduction methods have proven to work, to learn what other success stories are out there, and change and expand my view! Bring it on, y'all.