Right now, on the Steam Store page, 5 out of the 15 games at the top of the page are 'Early Access' Alpha or Beta releases. I don't think it's right that developers now ask their fanbase to fund their development process and pay for the privilege, that gamers do so willingly, and that Steam facilitates this. I remember a time when getting into a Beta was a huge honor and a huge responsibility. You were given a broken, buggy, unfinished experience and you worked hard to find bugs and report them to make the experience better for the end-consumer. You were still not compensated as a paid tester would be, but you got early access to the game. Today, nothing has changed, save that you now have to pay for the same privilege. Further, I feel that programs like Steam Greenlight and Kickstarter are allowing publishers to treat their fans like investors, but delivering returns orders of magnitude lesser than any other investor would expect. Chris Robert's Star Citizen Kickstarter has raised more than 19m dollars, yet (despite how much revenue the final product will generate), 'investors' will only be rewarded with early access and a copy of the final product. Given the responsibilities of Beta testing, it is often more work than play and the final product will likely cost the same as a 'buy-in' price paid by Kickstarter early-adopters. The genesis of this CMV post came from two games on the Steam Store frontpage: Planetary Annihilation and Total War: Rome II. Planetary Annihilation is currently listed as an Early-Access Beta, while Rome II purports itself to be a full release. Both games are listed at 59.99 US. Hop over to rtotalwar and you'll see thread after thread complaining about the release issues, bugs, and imperfections of Rome II. It would be foolish to level the same criticisms at Planetary Annihilation, since the developers have labelled it as a 'Beta'. Both player bases are actively playing the games, reporting bugs, and the developers are actively releasing patches, updates, and fixes - yet one game is a colossal failure whose developer should be shamed for not adequately play-testing before release, and the other is understood to be a work in progress. Had Rome II simply released on September 3rd, at full price, with an 'Early Access' Beta label on Steam, could these criticisms have been avoided? Obviously, I understand that consumers have a right to spend their money where they choose, and if that choice is to buy an unfinished product for the purposes of early access or to support a favorite developer: so be it. I simply believe that it was a more fair and ethical system when Beta access was free and limited, and developers released a completed product that could be judged 'as-is' by the market. In summary: Betas used to be free. You play-tested the game for the chance to play early. Today, nothing has changed, but now you have to pay for the privilege. Kickstarter backers are unfairly compensated for their investment. Charging for Beta access allows a developer to release an unfinished or broken game and avoid criticism. The only difference between a paid Beta and a buggy release is the 'Beta' label. CMV, y'all!