Yes, I'm a high school senior. I take school seriously and don't do any of things I think kids are babied for. Just some observations I believe that if you can drop out of school at 16, then if you elect to stay in, the school should not be babying you. Examples -If someone wants to use their cellphone quietly in class, provided that it doesn't distract others (making sounds, etc) its stupid for the teacher to intervene. -If someone wants to not hand in homework, etc, there should be no consequences. Their consequence is that they faildo poorly. -If someone wants to do work from another class andor not pay attention, that's their prerogative. -Gym is a ridiculous requirement. Kids should be preparing for collegework in their last years of high school, and gym does ZERO toward either. -If they want to skip classes, they should be able to pass the classes provided that they pass by doing well on homework, tests, etc, and skipping shouldn't be a factor. I believe that it is fair though to have teachers decide these policies for their individual classes. But these would be my policies if I were a teacher. I just think that school wide policies against skipping and cell phones are ridiculous. People 16 and above are not required to be in school, so its time to treat them like adults. I don't know. It might just be my high school (which is a public school) but I hear other schools have similar policies. Oh, and oddly enough, I am a very liberal progressive guy. I still believe schools should provide a good education and should receive a lot of funding, I just think at a certain point its time to treat young people like adults. EDIT: Here's a study I've observed Both Classes I'm Describing Are HonorsAP classes, so the same type of student is in both. These are both real-life classes I'm taking right now. HISTORY CLASS: As an example, my history teacher this year has this philosophy. He has sort of communicated that he turns a blind eye to cellphones if they're not distracting, in contrast with the policy. He won't force you to do well in the class. And this teacher is one of the best that I've had in recent memory. No one ever uses their cellphones, or doesn't pay attention, or anything like that. I believe that its not just because he's a good teacher. I think its also because he treats students as adults, and that has created a sense of respect between the teacher and students. MATH CLASS: This teacher has the direct opposite policy of my history teacher. She takes away cellphones on the first offense, and will call you out for not doing your work, not paying attention, or doing other work in her class. As a result, I constantly see people doing these things. I believe that its partially because of the fact that she doesn't treat students as adults.