Each year tens of thousands of students apply for medical school so competition is naturally extremely fierce. There many people with 4.0 GPAs who are constantly get rejected from their first-choice schools since they are way too many qualified people and not enough seats. Out of the pool of applicants, there are inevitably thousands of people who either extremely stretch the truth on their applications or flat out lie. If you think that everyone is honest, then that is just being ignorant. This is also not fair to everyone else who is honest, especially when the stakes are so high. Getting rejected from medical school can completely make or break someone's career and change their lives, usually for the worse. It is not something that can simply be shrugged off. Thus, in order to even the playing field and be competitive, I think it is ethically alright to lie on your application while trying not to get caught given this situation. Of course, it wouldn't be ethical if it was just you who was lying and you knew that. However, with our current system, it is probabilistically likely that many people are lying. If you do decide to lie, then you are obviously agreeing to all the risks and consequences associated if you get caught, whether you are aware of them or not. Common arguments: 1) Honesty is the best policy Not when there are plenty of other people you are competing with that can lie and get away with it. Of course there are many people who do get caught, but there are also people who don't. 2) You are contributing to this problem Why should I care about that? If I were applying to medical schools this year, it is highly unlikely that this problem will be solved by the time my application is read. When (and if) this issue is resolved, it'll be too late and the chancesmotivation of me going to medical school will probably be nonexistent at that point. Until then I'm put at a disadvantage. Applying to medical schools is costly both financially and time-wise so I can't afford to keep applying every year consistently if I am constantly being rejected due to other people cheating the system (even if that isn't the main reason I am rejected, it definitely plays a big role since the limited seats are being filled by cheaters, who knows maybe that one extra seat could have been me) 3) The consequences will be severe if caught You can get by lying on some parts of the application with minimal to almost no risk. Things such as informal EC's, sparse volunteering projects, and coming up with excuses such as death in family to help minimize effects of a low GPA. You can even go as far as coming up with fake research positions or fake recommendations if you are extremely careful and know exactly what you are doing (although this might be pushing it a bit in terms of risk, hard but not impossible). Other than that, you are of course agreeing to any and all risks by lying. 4) You are simply cheating yourself since you won't be prepared for medical school A lot of the requirements (such as researching, shadowing, and volunteering) exist mainly to reduce the number of applicants since like I said above, there are too many qualified people and not enough positions. Even if not, none of these experience will play a significant role as to how I perform in medical school 5) Your time is better spent actually doing something honest and productive No matter how hard you try, there will always be something smarter or luckier than you, not to mention all the cheaters that lie. Thus it would actually be more time efficient for me to lie about volunteering activities and use that time for something else (and no, I don't mean wasting time watching TV). This isn't an excuse to not work hard, but rather as a supplement to your hard work I know this probably makes a horrible person so I want you guys to CMV and convince me why I shouldn't go through with this. I desperately want to get into medical school and it seems incredibly unfair that people can get in by cheating whereas others are trying to be honest and failing Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!