I'll get right into it. With few (any?) exceptions, Europe is WAY better to live in than America. I'll list nearly every reason I can think of. The list may seem a bit nitpicky, but I feel every reason contributes in some way to the quality of life in both areas. The first criticism I expect to get is that I am simply picking and choosing ways Europe is superior while ignoring ways in which America has the upper-hand. For this reason, a second list will be included, listing ways I think America is better than Europe. Let's begin: 1. More vacation time and shorter working hours. Europeans get far more vacation time and shorter work weeks. Yet they are still more productive per capita than America is. In addition, they get mandated maternity and sick leave. Sources: 2. Europeans have universal healthcare. Yes, this is paid by taxes, but it is far more affordable for everyone and no one is disqualified because of a medical condition. In addition, over half of all bankruptcies in America are because of medical debt. And having insurance doesn't help anything at all. In America, you can go bankrupt at any time through no fault of your own. Sources: 3. Americans no longer have pensions and will not be able to retire in the future. Most European jobs have guaranteed pensions. Sources: 4. Americans do not have universal education, meaning Americans are drowning in debt before they even get into the workforce. This is virtually unheard of in Europe. Those are actually the main reasons right there. Those 4 reasons alone should make you want to move to Europe. I have one life to live. Spending it 200k in student debt working 80 hours a week with 0 vacation time and no retirement with the looming fear that you can go bankrupt and lose it all at any time is an absolutely horrible way to live life. I would honestly rather kill myself than live like this. But there's a better solution: move to a civilized country. Here are more reasons: 5. Europeans have less intrusive advertisements and have less blatant corporate advertising than America. Huge billboards are considered distracting to drivers in Europe and there are fewer commercials on TV. 6. The food is better in Europe. Europeans have stricter methods than the FDA of their food supply. They have a more balanced diet and eat less fast food than Americans. 7. Almost every nation besides America uses the metric system, which is far more efficient and simpler, with less mistakes resulting from inaccurate measurements. In addition, they use the "Day Month Year" method on their calendars and use a 24 hour clock. 8. Europeans use manual transmission on their cars, which up until recently was more fuel efficient than automatic cars. 9. Americans incarcerate more people and serve longer jail sentences than any other developed country. Most of those serving are in for drug related offenses, something uncommon in Europe. Europeans understand that prison is for rehabilitation, not punishment. In addition, America still uses the death penalty. 10. America has the largest military budget in the world and uses it to wage war against foreign nations for little rational reason. If we spent even a third of that budget for education and healthcare, we could join the rest of the developed world in having universal healthcare and education. 11. Americans have far more gun crime and gun related deaths. 12. Many Americans (certainly not all or even most though) hate criticisms of their country and treat it as "God's country." This blind patriotism is unheard of in Europe. 13. Infant circumcision is common in America, but considered immoral by most Europeans unless it's voluntary. 14. Europeans include taxes on their prices automatically, but in America you have to manually add it, which is inconvenient and misleads the consumer into thinking something is cheaper than it really is. 15. Americans are more obese and unhealthy than most Europeans. Some more controversial ones: 16. Nudity is considered taboo in America, but is common in Europe. I see no reason why a naked body should be considered immoral or taboo, but I do not want a debate about this. 17. Americans are far more religious. Again, very controversial, but I consider this a bad thing. 18. Europeans are more open about drugs, abortion, gay marriage, etc. Again, I'm not trying to have a debate about these topics specifically. These could obviously go either way for many people, so please do not attack my argument on these points alone. And now for the American list: 1. Americans pay lower taxes resulting in higher take-home pay. Although it could also be argued the other way. Europeans pay higher taxes because they have a wider, more encompassing safety net. It results in less personal take-home pay, but higher financial security. 2. Americans tend to pay less than most for housing, cars, alcohol, etc. 3. Assuming you are successful in America, you could have a better life than almost anyone, European or otherwise. America has tremendous wealth inequality (which should be included in my reasons above) which for 99 of people is horrible. But if you claw your way to the upper echelons of the successful 1, you could live a life of luxury beyond almost anything Europe has to offer. That's pretty much all I've got. Sad, isn't it? Also, before anyone points it out, I realize my sources aren't exactly scholarly. I chose sources mainly for ease of reading. However, most of them cite credible studies and the same information could easily be found in a more scholarly format with some more research. I'm here to argue why America doesn't have paid vacations and healthcare for all citizens, not whether or not the Huffington Post is reliable or not. So, with that in mind, CMV.