I should append that though I am of this belief, it is not something I act on or preach because whilst I do not believe a successful man with a high flying career who positively contributes to society is worth the same as someone with severe mental disabilities and is unable to function normally and requires constant care and attention, I also don't think that it's their fault they are worth less than another person. They just got unlucky. I'm posting this on a throwaway account because I'm not proud of this view and don't want people to think less of me. Also, I am from the UK if that helps anyone. A lot of people I speak to preach that every life is worth the same and that no matter what ailments you have you should be given the same opportunities and freedoms as someone else. I'm not sexist, racist or a homophobe; this is not what I'm on about. But I think that someone who scrounges off society or relies on other people to prop up their lifestyle is worth less than someone who is self motivated, pays his taxes and makes a positive contribution to society. I judge people based on how they act and what they are, I live nextdoor to a family who have a severely disabled son. It's not a physical ailment but a mental one, I think it's asperges and a few other issues but I just think of him as the retard next door. He's loud, stupid, requires constant care and attention and is regularly abusive or violent. He's swore at the daughters of the family the other side of my house who are seven and nine years old and has swung for me before after I waved and smiled at him one morning on my way to work when he was sitting in the car not realising he was in a foul mood. Luckily, I was able to move and hit him back harder in the stomach to which he suddenly realised maybe it wasn't a bad idea. His carer threatened to press charges but fortunately several others had witnessed the event and testified that I hit him once, in self defence before moving swiftly away so as not to prolong the situation. I think he's a worthless human being. What can he possibly contribute to society? How can anyone with such disabilities be considered the equal of anyone else when they are incapable of surviving on their own. A few hundred years ago, he would have been left to die and yet now we as a society do everything to ensure they are given the same opportunities as others- yet they are dangerous in a lot of cases and a drain in nearly all others. I don't think everyone who is disabled is worthless, I think there are some that take their situation and do incredible things with it. There are war veterans who will never function on their own again but campaign tirelessly raising awareness for how they came to be paraplegic so that soldiers can be better equipped and this sort of thing does not happen. Steven Hawkings, a man who was supposed to die years ago, instead of giving up and accepting his condition and his inevitable death has gone on to be one of the most influential scientists of our time. There are cancer patients who are going to die that campaign to raise awareness for their condition and how it can be prevented, they to me are worth far more than those that resign themselves to their fate and cease to be of any use- even though they can still do a lot. People that just accept their lot in life and are content to be average piss me off. Everyone can achieve something and yet for there to be success in life there must also be failures, for there to be great men there must be also be shit men else how would we recognise greatness? I do not think that those who are obviously not of equal value to society should be treated like they are. Should a jobless man who lives off the money he won in a claim against a company who was not to fault for his incompetence and unsafe working practices have the same liberties as another man? No. Why should he be given free medical care, police protection and all sorts of other privileges when he does nothing to earn them. I think that most human rights are a sham, yes everyone should have access to clean water but not everyone should be given a roof over their head if they do nothing to earn it. I have no empathy for drug addicts, alcoholics, gangbangers and criminals because despite what people may say about peer pressure and the circumstances of ones birth and upbringing- you always have a choice. It's a bit rambling and all over the place and drifts off all over the place. tl;dr some people are just shit people and we should give up on them instead of trying to help them.