I have no problem with people who are gay, lesbian, bi, trans or whatever. I strongly believe in life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness and if you're not hurting anyone, then you get your freak on and be whoever you are. However, the labels are getting to be a bit too much. I agree with a sentiment that I see all over the CMV sub: a lot of these labels are created by attention seekers who can't stand to be part of an already defined group and must create their own category. No amount of evidence, arguing, diversity seminars or PowerPoint slide presentations will convince me that there's a difference between bisexual and Pansexual. However, I have no dog in this fight. I am a straight male who happy being a male and doing manly things. First, it was LGBT. Then it was LGBTQ. Now it's LGBTQIA. Again, not my concern. They can use as many letters andor labels as they want. However, I find the use of the term "cisgendered" or "cissexual" to be ridiculous. It is an unnecessary term. [According to The Williams Institute] , approximately 4 of the population classifies themselves as LGBT. That leaves 96 who do not. I do not know the validity of this number and I'm sure there is a range of agreed upon statistics. In my opinion, cisgendered or cissexual is the "default" setting. Those with alternate sexual or gender identities are the minority. That in no way suggests or implies that they are bad or wrong. There are simply less of them. I think it's rather safe to assume that someone is cis unless they tell me otherwise. If they want me to know that they fall into a different category (or even a variety of different categories) then I assume that they will tell me. I do subscribe to the rather antiquated notion that what you prefer to do in the bedroom is your own business and doesn't need to be broadcasted, but that's just me. [Polydactyly] exists. It affects a small portion of the population and thus, there is a label or designation for it. In no way is this label meant to shame or degrade those with the condition. However, one who is born with no extra fingers or toes does not require a label. Why? Because most people have 10 fingers and 10 toes. It doesn't make them better. There are just more of them. Designating someone as "non-polydactyl" is ridiculous. There is a small percentage of the population that is designated as "special needs." This is a broad term that can apply to many different conditions. Again, the label "special needs" in no way is meant to demean them or belittle them. However, it would be unnecessary to introduce you to my "regular needs" friend, Eugene. Somewhere along the line, "normal" became a pseudo-slur. If I advertise myself as "just a normal guy," then I have implied that someone different from me (perhaps, gay or trans) is "abnormal." Now that word does carry a certain air of disgust, even though it's definition simply means "unusual" or "uncommon." I would never refer to a person whose gender identity or sexual preference was different than mine as "abnormal," but I find it confusing that some folks get angry if it's implied that they are part of a smaller group. "Minority" carries a lesser degree of the same stigma. "Minority" just means you're part of a smaller group. By definition, left-handed people are a minority (roughly 11). However, if you informed 100 left handed people that they were in a minority, I find it difficult to believe that any one of them would be offended. Patton Oswalt had a great bit about watching a group of kids playing some elaborate game with all sorts of rules and regulations. So they would say: "Okay, uh, the bike path over at the skaffetys' is lava and if you touch that, you're dead. And then the hedges over at the slingerlands' are poison snakes...and if you go over there they'll bite you and you're dead. One of the kids proclaims Patton to be dead because he touched the bike path and the bike path is lava. He then has to explain that he's not playing and the lava rule doesn't really apply to him. That's exactly how I feel. I'm not playing. I don't need someone else to give me a label because I don't fit into a smaller group. Feel free to change my view, but be aware that any replies lambasting my "cis privilege" will be completely ignored. Edit: ok. I learned quite a bit today. I tend to think in terms of black and white and lesser in shades of grey. In short, the "cis" term isn't so much a label that was made up for the sake of yet another label, but as a needed term for when those with gender and sexual diversity have a discussion that warrants it. Part of my issue wasis that I never really interact with much diversity. I have a few gay, lesbian and bi friends and while it's not a secret, that characteristic just doesn't come up in conversation. The few people that I've met that do exhibit some gender diversity or otherwise "unique" sexual preferences were absolutely unbearable. They waved it around like a big obnoxious flag, thoroughly daring anyone to try and ignore them. Thanks everybody. I do have some comments to delta and I will do that tonight. I'm currently heading out to take care of some bi'ness. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!