Let me begin by saying that I was never desperate to start a family. I believe that a childless life can be just as fulfilling as a life with children, only in a different way. So to me, it's a decision that needs to be weighed up. From the evidence I can gather, there is a high probability the climate change will start to have major impacts on humanity by 2060. I am not really worried about a higher rate of natural disasters; we have natural disasters today and we know how to deal with them. What I am worried about are secondary social and economic effects. Wars over dwindling resources. Civil unrest. Mass migration. Financial crises. Failed states. Mitigation is not likely to happen, or at least not until it's too late. Some individual humans have foresight, but as a group we have about as much foresight as an ant colony. There are two moral justifications for my decision: 1- I think it is irresponsible to subject children to the world that is coming. I would be knowingly putting them in harm's way. Of course, it is not certain that they will be in harm's way. The future could take unexpected turns. Someone could invent a revolutionary technology that solves all energy needs overnight. But that is besides the point. I am not counting on it. Locking a child in a lions' enclosure where there is only a 20 probability that there are lions is still irresponsible. 2- Not having children is the single biggest contribution I can make, as an individual, to mitigate climate change. A smaller world population not only means lower emissions, it also means that the social and economic impacts will be less severe when there are crop failures and the like. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!