So I was curious and did a quick and dirty headcount the number of police officers when I was reading through a different thread in the rnews subreddit. The number is just shy of a million, though closer to 900,000 when you factor in the part timers. The quick description is that one Zachary Thomas Bailey, a fifty year old police officer raped a woman who was on parole three times, the third time she had it filmed so when she reported it he couldn't hit her with with a parole violation in retaliation. The defendant allegedly had to put herself into a scenario where she knew she would be raped again in order to lodge a real complaint against the officer. If this person is guilty, and with video evidence it looks as if he is, he should go to jail for at least one count of rape. One of the reasons that I don't think that police officers go to prison is because it is a death sentence. They go to prison on a rape charge and they go in with the rapists, the arsonists, the killers. At best the officers go into solitary until they go insane because the facilities don't exist to adequately house them and this is an enormous barrier for police reform. Sending any officer to jail means that they will probably be tortured, raped, driven insane and murdered if they don't commit suicide first. The fact that we throw people into this environment at all is a discussion for another time, and should be discussed, but I digress. I believe that no matter how vile a person is that they should not be subjected to a prison system that is probably going to torture and kill the offending person. The fact that police are enormous targets mean that they and certain other high risk offenders should have separate facilities like soldiers do. I believe that it could be done cheaply and rather easily. I believe that sending police to jail for felonies on duty would help restore public trust. I believe that separate facilities would help remove a major barrier to reform and while it isn't the one and only answer, it could be part of a larger comprehensive bill to help effect police reform. So that is why I believe police officers should go to separate prisons. Change my view.