So I am a music producer and while it hasn't happened to me, I saw someone on Facebook a few weeks ago complaining that a label took down their remix of a track (I can't remember the details of what the track was, who made it, and who remixed, but I don't think that is all that relevant). Then I got thinking... why should the label take down someone else's work just because it had similarities shared with the original? Maybe now would be a good time to say that, the remixer was generating income of their work. This may have been that they were selling it on ITunesBeatport, or that it was generating income off YouTube ads or equivalent. Also, this was an unofficial remix, and so they didn't ask permission from the original artist to remix. I understand that this immediately counts against them but bear with me, since I think the opposing arguments are far stronger. So here are the main points of my current view: The remix is not affecting the the original maker's ability to make money! No one is going to listen to the remix first and decide that it isn't worth listening to the original. If anything the opposite is the case, and after hearing the remix there will be more people listening (and maybe buying) the original track, so the remixer is doing the artistlabel a favour here! Again, this isn't some guy uploading someone's song on their channel, running ads, and not crediting the owner; this is a remix, the original creator is credited explicitly in the title, and in the description, and generally everywhere. The remixer needs to make a living too! I know for myself that the remixer could have put up to 50 hours into this and to have it taken down by a label is just the worst thing ever. Remember, the remixer is also depending on this to make their money and have somewhere to sleep at nights! That is 50 hours of work they cannot afford to lose, and arguably they need this money more since they are a far smaller artist than the one whose work their were remixing. (But to clarify, this doesn't mean that poor people should be allowed to take richer people's works.) The remixer wasn't making their life easier by basing their track off someone else's. As like many remixes, the remix was very different from the original track. At most, the remix only used a chord sequence, maybe a melody from the original and so was not using the original creator's work as a source of easy income. To be fair, just by changing a few of the elements, it would have been possible for the remixer to release it as an original, and no one would bat an eyelid, so why, since credit is being given to someone playing a frankly minor part in the final product, are they suddenly at a disadvantage?! Either I have overlooked something important here, or I am misinterpreting something but anyway, CMV if you can. I'd like to see how the label justified removing someone's remix as it might even affect me in the future. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!