I'm not saying that feminism does nothing good. I'm saying it does more harm than it does good. Here are a few things that feminism at its worst is guilty of. Feminism at its worst is guilty of: diluting the definition of rape so much that it qualifies almost anyone as a rapist or rape supporter. Comparing consensual sex to rape is insulting to actual rape victims. It can also cause psychological harm by causing women to victimize themselves, believing they have been raped when they haven't. creating a mindset that makes women "play the victim": becoming oversensitive to anything and everything that could possibly be twisted as being offensive. spreading misinformation, such as comparing part-time female workers to full-time male workers in order to compare salaries, or creating a standard for rape that greatly increases the rape statistics in some studies. claiming that the natural impulses of women are the result of brainwashing from a patriarchy. claiming that the natural impulses of men are oppressive towards women. inventing standards that men ought to know and live by that are so contrary to our nature and full of self-hatred that it would be harmful to society if universally embraced. reinforcing all of these ideas through rhetoric and confirmation bias. I realize that many of these bullet points only apply to some feminist organizations, but even the best of feminist organizations are giving merit to those harmful organizations, and are still guilty of some of these. Any good claimed by feminism could have been accomplished just as well if not better by humanism. That's why it's better if feminism just merged with humanism and stopped giving merit to the harmful feminist organizations. Feminists aim "to advance women's equality, non-violence, economic development, and, most importantly, empowerment of women and girls in all sectors of society." [ (source) ] These are goals that humanist organizations can accomplish without the harmful reinforcement of rhetoric and victim playing. I would argue that even the good that feminism produces is purely incidental, and the logic in which they arrive at a good idea is often misguided at best while the same points made by humanists are often well thought out. Also, any good produced by feminism is vastly outweighed by the harm that it causes. Here's an analogy for why feminism would be better represented by humanism: Christianity is like Judaism, except that it entails more doctrines and beliefs. Humanism entails the goals that feminism wishes to accomplish, with the added benefit of not focusing on one sex. So in a sense, humanism is like feminism, except that it entails more beliefs. A person claiming to be Jewish who describes their firm belief in the Bible and Jesus' divinity is not accurately representing their beliefs. It makes no sense to claim that you are Jewish and then give a description that is Christian. It makes more sense to call yourself a Christian. In the same way, a person claiming to be a feminist who describes their goals as "fighting for equal rights for both sexes" is a person who is claiming to be a feminist but describing humanism, and therefore they should just consider themselves a humanist. This is the way I see it, and I could be wrong about this subject and am willing to change my view, but I think I make a good point here and that feminism should die out and be replaced entirely by humanism. CMV