To give a little bit of background of myself, I'm currently a 21 year old male and a senior in college, looking to get my degree in Computer Science next year. About 2 years ago, I exited an abusive 2.5 year relationship. My SO at the time would be very emotionally abusive through her words and at times would cross the line and physically abuse me (slaps, mostly). I did not ever hit her, but there were a few times where I would have to physically restrain her as she would try to do something crazy like jump out of the car while we were driving on the freeway at 65 mph. Now, after this relationship, I believe it's safe to say that I was scarred. People say that I've just let this one girl ruin my view but I feel like it's completely normal, from an evolutionary standpoint, to avoid things that have caused you pain in the past. I've come to the conclusion that relationships are absolutely pointless as you get companionship and someone to have sex with at the cost of emotional turmoil and distress. If I wanted sex, I could hook up with another female friend, no strings attached. If I wanted companionship, close fiends are great people to confide in and really connect with. People may say "but you can only LOVE someone (romantically) you're in a relationship with." Is romantic love really necessary? I feel as if love like one would have with family or a very close friend should be sufficient for a human's life. I think that this notion of requiring someone to love romantically so you won't be lonely for the rest of my life is bullsht (excuse my French). The only difference between a close friend and a significant other, in my opinion, is sexual intercourse, which I already talked about before. I know for a fact that marriage has financial benefits on top of the benefits I listed above, but is a legal contract with someone for financial benefits really worth all of the trouble that goes along with it? All of the fighting, potential emotionalphysical abuse, hard work to maintain the relationship? It doesn't seem worth it to me. Change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!