With the changes in available technology with the United States in relation to when the country's founding documents were written, I believe that chances must take place now that a centralized government is not necessary due to lack of communication and travel. I think that the United States House and Senate should be removed from Washington D.C. and placed in each of their respective states in an office specifically designated for the Senator and House Representative as well as all aids, lobbyists, and other related persons. 1. Sessions should be conducted a secure computers with a live relay to an internet stream to enable the public to view the sessions as they take place, much like how it is possible to view nearly any session taking place in D.C. This however would remove the expense and requirement of travel, time lost, and general expansive effort required to view the House or Senate. Closed door sessions are entirely possible but should be recorded and stored for later records. (Again, on a secure server) 2. The 2013 House Congressional Schedule is posted online at [113th Congress House Calender] and lists a grand total of 126 days in session. The [Senate 2013 Schedule] reflects a similar number of meeting days. Congress members do work while not in session so these days do not accurately measure the amount of work done, but rather the number of official meetings. Much of the work done within the days not in session can be done over the phone, internet (voice, video, chat, email), and a face to face meeting is not actually necessary. The days in session can be conducted over web-camera. There have been multiple reports on Congress members having others log their votes for them while they are not present, this even happening across party lines. [CBS News Video] 3. A state focused Congress would allow locals to lobby for issues without needing to pay for a flight to Washington D.C. as well as hotel and food while they are there. This would increase actual citizen representation and make it harder or at the very least, more expensive for a group to lobby a large number of representatives at once. 4. Many members of congress return to their home state frequently citing the need to understand the options of their citizens and constituents in the state they represent. This would make this far easier by removing much of the needed travel. 5. State based Congress would limit and reduce the saturation of wealth within Washington D.C. Congress-people would not need to purchase or rent secondary dwellings in Washington, again limiting saturation in D.C. 6. Space between congress-people can also serve to limit the bonds and groups created between the people of Congress who actually owe their loyalty to the states and not each other. 7. Emergency meetings of Congress will be far easier to facilitate at any time. While these things would not necessarily serve to prevent issues in the House or the Senate, they would work towards the original intent of the United States Congress, which is to be the voice and joined council of the numerous states of America. This would also help to prevent fraud through digital failsafes. Currently a bill is being sponsored which would enable the representatives of the House to vote remotely. [Info On Remote Voting Bill]