I posted part of this elsewhere this... (I'm a US citizen, a teacher, neither wealthy nor poor, who is outraged with the lack of social net we have AND our low tax rates, particularly on wealthgains, etc). But... What is actually wrong with making massive wealth unattractive? Most of the people who became wealthy by adding major value (inventorsfounders of major companies) didn't necessarily do it to get hugely rich. I fail to see how society would be worse off if those at the top lost their incentive to rig markets, steal, cheat, and get wealthier (not all wealth is "stolen" obviously but most who genuinely generate value would still continue to contribute). I'm not saying we should all get rations and be the same, there would still be classes, but am elevated and protected lower an controlled upper but making it unattractive to have absurd wealth and impossible to generate and retain sounds fantastic to me. At a point, it's just harmful. The countries with high marginal rates that don't allow harmful wealth have great happiness levels on such studies, strong education, etc. Why is it beneficial to incentivize extreme wealth? Doesn't it just incentivize bad behavior? What good behaviors could it possibly promote and why is risk and making the market more risky a "good"thing? Wouldn't normal people be more likely to take reasonable small business risks with a safety net, like Euro-style welfare to fall back in? I cannot even understand the other side. I just don't feel like wealth gaps provide any benefit to society and especially don't see why non rich folks support them. So please show me your side if you disagree with me and try to cmv. Edit: I do want people to CMV, but I am looking for practicals here. I don't want to be argumentative, but I thought it might be helpful to clarify... Reasoning that relies on a philosophy of "Capitalism is good" or "Taxes are bad" or "Because: Freedom" is not going to convince me. Are there any reasons that high taxes on wealth are actually BAD for poor and middle class people or society at large that are not philosophically linked to capitalism? (I'm not necessarily anti-capitalism, if someone can show me the benefits, but I don't buy into the idea that it's a "Good" thing per se.) Are there any reasons it wouldn't HELP ordinary people to create a social safety net from the taxes of the wealthy? Is there any data to back up that these "Sky is falling" ideas would actually happen?