Edit: For the love of God, please stop with the "every other system is worse" argument. I thought I covered that by saying I didn't have a better suggestion. That's not the point. If someone offers to either rape you, or to let your choose between several other much more horrifying methods of torture, you'd choose rape, but you damned sure wouldn't be happy with it or grateful for it. The key words there being "in modern times." It was all well and good up until a few hundred years ago. Back then, you had loose networks of virtually independent centers of civilization, with poor spread of information (a plus) and high limits on who precisely is allowed to participate in the democratic process (another plus). They formed governments for the purpose of mutual protection and economic stability, and their governments served those purposes very well. But today, the beast that we know as the American system of government has grown both large and unwieldy, and at the same time much too fine-tuned and micro-management orientated. More than anything else, I have come to realize that almost everyone around me holds deep-rooted, unshakable opinions about political topics that they have little to no actual knowledge about whatsoever, and that their votes count the same as everyone else's. You may say "Yes, but that makes it all that much more important for you to vote yourself, so that you can cancel out those stupid people." First of all, who said I am in any better position to make an informed decision? And second... Look around you. The stupid people FAAAR outnumber the intelligent. That's a hopeless battle. I only know one other person aside from myself who is willing to admit that "I don't have anywhere REMOTELY near enough information to make anything resembling an informed decision on this issue, so I will abstain from the conversation" on virtually any political topic. So we have a population of largely uneducated, VASTLY uninformed people who are attempting to make decisions for everyone else based largely on newsmedia headlines. It's a freaking nightmare. Please, by all means, change my view. I don't WANT to believe I'm correct, because I have no better suggestion, and I hate being the guy who complains about what's wrong without trying to fix it. Something in me wants to say "only the intelligent should rule us," but a bigger part of me knows that something like that would never work either.