It's a difficult idea to tackle but here it goes: Firstly, I believe that due to our constant change in memories, opinions and general personality we are not the same person throughout the entirety of our lives. This first part is simple enough as most people would agree they are not the same person they were ten years ago, if you define a person as a mind composed of concrete ideas, memories etc... However, the same applies to the you a month ago or five minutes ago. The line may become blurrier but that last post you read added a memory or maybe even an opinion to who you were and now you're, ever so slightly, a different person. There are a couple of ways to look at this: A) We are continually dying and being replaced by a slightly altered version of ourselves or B) Consciousness should be considered an ever shifting state and not a static one, whatever compound of chemical and electrical signals is going on in our head is still us as long as any change or addition happens gradually and in small amounts. This all might be interesting but you might be thinking it is irrelevant to our everyday life. And for now, you would be right. But this might become a much more decisive dilemma in the future. Here is how: The year is whatever, and we have created the capacity to fully scan our neural structure to the very last detail. For the purpose of this hypothetical situation let's say the process is destructive and a full scan would also wipe out your brain and cause you to become well, brain-dead. Now, you have invested in an insurance plan, mostly because you worry for your family. This insurance company has grown a body clone of yourself with a blank slate for a brain and given you a neural scanner you must wear on your head at all time. When a grave accident happens to you the scanner fires off, effectively killing you if you weren't dead already and sending your brain schematic to the insurance company which immediately prints it and transplants it into the clone. This clone would have the exact thoughts, memories, opinions, emotions and personality you had the moment the scan was taken but the body you were in is now completely dead. Some would argue the clone is just an exact copy but not actually you, not the same "person." But I disagree, the continuity of consciousness is an illusion anyway. Taking the options above, If you accept A then yes you died and this isn't exactly you but you die all the time anyway so it doesn't matter now either. If you accept B then there isn't a problem, this is still you because continuity is not a defining characteristic of consciousness. Anyway, I thought this allegory would help me express my opinions with accuracy. I fail to find an option C in this situation but I may be wrong. And of course this argument is completely secular and disregards most faiths but I ask that this not be the center of any discussion and we focus only on the logical thinking behind it.