This happened to myself and countless others. I have witnessed it firsthand and heard many stories from friends. Yes, anecdotal evidence isn't a great starting point, but it is where my view comes from. I was sent to a Catholic school since Kindergarten and will be graduating from my Catholic high school in a few months. As much as I love the small community, I wish I could have had a say in where I got to go. I've been forced into religion by my parents from a small age. There was no other option. I was brainwashed with the religious education and never believed in any of it. I'm an atheist, but am still forced to attend mass and participate in Church services. I believe that a child should be given the opportunity to choose for themselves. They should be presented with information and given a free choice. I've mentioned my atheism in passing with my mother and has threatened to kick me out of the house because it is a "house of God." She's extremely devout. I'm aware that extremely devout Catholics and religious folk alike believe that passing down a faith is "the greatest gift you can give someone," but if the child chooses not to accept the gift, they shouldn't be shamed. Give the child a choice. Let them decide their own beliefs without drilling them into their heads. Sorry if this sounds rant-y but I will clarify and details until 11:51am EST today. I will continue to answer questions and responses around 2:30pm EST later today. Thank you for your participation. C my V. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!