I think this is quite self-explanatory but that we're not already switching to a 4-day work week leads me to think that maybe there are some valid reasons not to (besides what I mentioned in the title) and I would like to know what they are. I don't think productivity would fall significantly, there is research that shows ROWE's (results oriented work environments) achieve higher productivity levels in shorter work hours. Also, operating one day fewer would decrease businesses facility-related costs, and all the money people spend on leisure activities on their extra day off would actually boost the over-all economy. Creativity, motivation, productivity all usually increase when people are better rested, more relaxed, and there would even be countless hard to measure benefits that arise from better work-life balance. A few industries and niches might be negatively affected but that doesn't mean it won't be more beneficial over-all. And I understand it's hard for individual companies to make the switch because that would be a disadvantage since others are still working while they are not, but we could try and makevote for a large scale switch. So what are some good reasons why we're not switching already? Edit- I feel most of these arguments were made against the 8hr work day also back when companies pushed people to work 12 hours or so a day. Unlike what people predicted, both companies and individuals benefited from making the switch to 8hr workdays. It boosted the economy, and it improved the quality of life for millions. I feel we can do it again with minimal negative outcomes that pale in comparison to the positive outcomes. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!