Just for a bit of context, from a young age I realised that I was attracted to children. I only noticed the feelings at night when I was in bed and not throughout the day when in contact with children. I handed myself into the police after viewing child porn because I was scared to death what might happen if I did not have access to some sort of support. I resorted to child porn in an attempt to relieve my sexual tension as I believed that doing so would prevent me from ever losing control and resorting to abusing children. Having completed an accredited rehabilitation programme (CBT based programme which teaches skills that help me deal with my feelings in more appropriate ways) I now feel as though I am in a much better place mentally and am confident that I will never need to look at those sorts of images again. As a consequence of my conviction I have a civil order against me for a period of 10 years which stipulates that I am not allowed unsupervised contact with children (anybody under the age of 18), that I have to have monitoring software on my computer. I was also put on a list which means that I am banned from working with children. This ban would apply to me forever (unless I successfully appeal). Although i'm not entirely surprised that these conditions were placed on me, I do feel strongly that in line with the law under which the order was imposed, it is only fair to impose conditions which are "necessary to protect members of the public from serious harm" - which essentially means conditions can only be imposed to the extent that if they were not imposed, it is likely that the offender will cause serious harm. This is where risk assessments come in. Two risk assessments are applied to sex offenders. One is called the Risk Matrix 2000S and the other is the Structured Assessment of Risk and Need. Both of these assessments have identified factors which increase the likelihood of reconviction. The risk matrix identifies four levels of risk (Low, Medium, High and Very High) from static factors such as age, number of general convictions, number of sexual convictions and a host of other aggravating factors. The scoring guide can be found [here] with an example assessment form at the bottom of the document. It is reported in Wakeling, Howard Barnett (2011) that in the original validation sample for the RM2000S, sexual reconviction rates at 10 years for the four ascending risk categories were 6, 16, 31 and 55. The direction of reconviction rates is mirrored in Barnett et al. (2010) which reports 0.6, 1.6, 3.4 and 7.2, sample 1 from Thornton et al. (2003) which reports 0.9, 1.3, 5.7 and 17.2, and in Grubin (2008) which reports 1.4, 4.5, 11.1 and 23.8. The total reconviction rates for these three studies over the 2 year follow up period was 2.2 for Barnett et al. (2010), 2.6 for Thornton et al. (2003) and 6 for Grubin (2008). The Risk Matrix has pretty good predictive validity and it can be relied upon as it has been cross-validated by the three studies mentioned above. That being said, all of the studies which have validated the reliability of the Risk Matrix 2000S have used samples of child molesters and rapists. This means that while it has been shown to be a reliable predictor of recidivism in contact offenders, it's reliability has not been tested against internet offenders which have been found to be completely different sorts of people. Studies have shown that internet offenders have a lower rate of reoffending compared to contact offenders (Barnett et al., 2010; Goller, Graf, Frei, Dittmann, 2010; Seto eke, 2005), that they seem to be younger than contact offenders (Burke et al., 2001; Webb Keen, 2007) and are much less likely to have any previous criminal convictions (Burke et al., 2001). In a study examining the predictive validity of the Risk Matrix 2000S in it's use with internet offenders, Wakeling, Howard and Barnett (2011) found that for a subgroup of 690 exclusive internet offenders the rate of reconviction in relation to the four ascending risk categories were 1.6, 1.6, 0 and 0 over a 2 year period, giving an overall reconviction rate of 1.6. In this subgroup 436 men were categorised as low risk, 244 men were medium risk, 10 men were high risk and no men were very high risk. The concentration of men categorised as low or medium risk would seem to suggest that the low risk group are men aged over 35 with a single sexual appearance, no significant number of criminal appearances and no aggravating factors. The fact that studies listed above have shown that internet offenders tend to be younger, have a lower level of recidivism and are less likely to have a criminal history it is also likely (in my mind) that the 244 men categorised as medium risk are categorised as such on account of being under the age of 34. A smaller subgroup of 304 contact sexual offenders from Wakeling et al. (2011) presented a very different pattern of categorisation into risk groups with 6 men being categorised as low risk, 97 as medium, 138 as high and 63 as very high. Although it is usually bad practice to extrapolate from a single study, a sample of 690 internet offenders is quite large and so this study would seem to suggest that unlike with other studies which validated the direction of risk relative to the various factors, this study not only identifies a significantly lower rate of recidivism, but also shows that the risk levels are not accurate predictors. On account of being under 34 my risk is assessed as Medium, which according to the original validation sample would put me at a 16 chance of being re-convicted over the next 10 years. When it comes to me challenging the order against me it will be assumed that there is that level of risk of me reoffending. The assessment of the necessity of the conditions (which are designed to prevent harm) will be based on the notion that there is a low but not inconceivable risk of me reoffending. The Structured Assessment of Risk and Need incorporates the Risk Matrix 2000S but also includes an assessment of dynamic factors which again have only ever been cross validated against samples of contact offenders. The same problem arises. On that measure I am assessed as having a high level of treatment needs on account of my sexual preference (which is not exclusive), sexual preoccupation (which is because I have typically resorted to masturbation as a form of stress relief), the fact I haven't been in a long term intimate relationship, the fact that I feel inadequate (which I attribute to growing up feeling like a monster) and apparently I also have poor problem solving skills, on account of me using masturbation as a form of stress relief. I am rated as having issues in these five areas although there are 16 areas in total. The reliability of these factors being relevant predictors of recidivism has been shown to be true in the case of contact offenders but again, not with internet offenders. Studies have shown that internet offenders are significantly less likely to re-offend and are incredibly unlikely to 'progress' onto contact offences. Although it might not seem obvious, the barriers that need to be overcome in the mind of an offender before they commit contact offences are huge! A contact offender is typically someone who has a history of criminality and some form of physical or sexual abuse in their past but this is not true for internet offenders who typically have no previous history and are solely motivated by sexual interest. Factors which seem to accurately predict recidivism in internet offenders are a more general sense of criminality, and so, to that extent, the only factor on the Risk Matrix 2000S which might accurately predict recidivism is criminal history. Unfortunately, at the moment, an older offender with an extensive criminal history is currently assessed as a lower risk than a younger offender with no history of convictions. As recidivism in internet offenders is incredibly low and there is absolutely no evidence to suggest that someone who looks at child porn is any risk of sexually abusing children, I think that prohibiting rehabilitated internet offenders from contact with children, including in jobs and social activities, is unjustified. Change my view:) Edit: Wrote these instead of there.