Let me start by saying that I am a feminist and I respect a parent's decision to work or stay at home. And I understand that most families need both parents working to support themselves. My mother was able to stay at home with me until I went to kindergarten. I feel I benefited from this experience immensely. My mother gave me lots of one-on-one attention and affection, as well as thoughtful educational experiences. I am able to vividly remember far back into my early childhood, which I believe is because of the memorable experiences I had. My mother went back to work after I enrolled in school full-time, and I respect her for this. I don't have children yet, but I am engaged and at the stage of my life where I am planning my future family. I am almost done with school and about to enter into a career path where staying at home long-term will not be an option. I would like to raise my children as my mother did me, but I cannot afford it, so some form of daycare will be necessary. The money I make from my job will benefit my future children, but I get upset thinking about how much better off my children might be if I could stay home and bond with them. I am also bothered by my view because I am opposed to rhetoric which pressures women into giving up their careers to be stay-at-home moms. Please change my view. Edit: A couple more points: My fiance cannot leave his career either, and we will need the dual income to afford having kids, so him being a stay-at-home dad is not an option. Also, I see the value of socialization, but this could come from a very part-time preschool (maybe 3-4 hours per day), or play-dates. After all, starting in kindergarten a child will be socialized full-time for 13 years straight, at least. I'm not sure there is anything I can do to change my situation. I just can't help but feel like it is a sad situation, and my children would be better off spending all of that time with either me or my fiance, rather than with daycare providers. Many of my colleagues have said that they don't understand what stay-at-home parents do all day, and I don't understand why they don't understand what kind of opportunities they are missing. It's not that I think anyone needs to leave their job, it's just that I see it as a sad situation.