Edit: aaaah, the usual ninja downvote I can t reply .... I cannot count the number of time I see a post reaching front page with an horrible story about how someone took revenge from hisher partner cheating. Many times this revenge goes very far. I am very shocked with this. And people are okay with it ! "Go OP, that bitchhasshoole deserves it !" 1) Casual relationship: Unless you have formerly ask for the other one to be faithful in body and spirit, no one is breaking his word. It's only casual. If you want absolute fidelity, ask for it and sign for it: marriage includes it (in most countries) for example. Nobody should be expecting something if the other one has not committed itself to do so. 2) Why the hell are people getting so mad at it ? It is just sex. Are people that focus on the carnal aspect of the relationship ? Maybe someone has bigger needs that the partner can offer or want to offer. Maybe the cheater still loves you. I mean, is love restricted to the body hormones ? I believe in a more complete love. 3) People are free. Ultimately, you cannot get mad at someone for doing what they want. They did not hurt you physically. The cheat-on is hurt on his pride, his self-value. But the first thing someone taught me about love is that you can love only when you are able to love yourself. Probably the cheated-on was not ready to love. 4) That a girlfriendboyfriend cheated on you might impact you a lot, it's true. But time will make it go, much faster than they assume. While their 'revenge' might scar people for much longer. I saw one story about a guy that made his girlfriend (he said she cheated on him) eat more and more until she got fat and laced with stretched marks. Then he dumped her. He said she was very sad and mortified. The girl will have them forever. The douche will find someone else and forgot. (Honestly someone able to think such a devious plan and to execute it has all my contempt). 5) In the 60's people preach freedom of love and whatever. Now it looks like we are going backward. What you think?