Hello there CMV I am a Brazilian citizen currently doing my bachelors degree in the US. I come from a culture where drinking is something taught from an early age, and usually by your parents. I learned to drink from my dad since I was 14 and continuing through my teenage years, so that by the time I was 18 (legal age in Brazil) I was already schooled on what to do and what not to do (don't DUI, don't go over your limit, do it in moderation, etc). Even if your parents do not teach you, your friends do (assuming you don't have jackasses for friends). This is not true for the entire country or all social classes, but it composes the majority and is the setting I grew up in. My perception is that american culture does not allow for such a thing to occur. Many parents do not teach their children how to properly treat the issue, and instead waive a big ban sign over their heads andor refuse to talk about the subject. Of course, by the time these children get to college, they then proceed to spend all their freshmen year in locked rooms drinking their asses off (preferably on the cheapest vodka available) until they feel the urge to vomit or pass out. This creates either total aversion for alcohol (from scared individuals which hated the experience) or forms a desire to do it again (shy individuals who feel much more "loose" and able to get laid easier with alcohol). Now, I understand that the culture and laws vary wildly across states and I don't expect this to be true for the entire country. But it's what I have seen so far and it scares me. Can someone convince me that this type of relationship with drinking is beneficial in any way? CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!