Third wave feminism is just too open and all-inclusive a movement and therefore so different from Second wave feminism that it's basically egalitarianism by another name. So just switch to egalitarianism and be honest about what you support. By switching to egalitarianism third wavers will automatically distance themselves from batshit crazy radical factions like femen, amazons, political lesbians, Christian feminists, born-women only feminists etc, and the rigidness of the second wave feminists who simply can't cope with how the world is different the last twenty-five years or so. This will benefit both third wavers and egalitarians, as their philosophies are almost identical, and together they can register as a pure minded lobby that has definite registered numbers and actual political power, instead of having to cling to middle aged second wavers who have either gone out of sync with today's problems and goals by aging, or have grown too old to be incorruptible as representatives. This will draw support by other factions who have been shunned by radical feminists in the past, such as trans people and the LGBT movement in general. edit 01 Please people, I mentioned THIRD WAVE FEMINISTS only, not all feminists. I did so for a reason: Only Third Wave Feminists support fighting for equal rights for all. Second wave feminists don't. First wave feminists don't. Other factions don't. Only Third Wavers. So please keep that in mind next time you mention what other factions of feminism ask for. edit 02 God dammit, I'm not saying feminists are inferior to another group, I respect feminism and I think it still has a lot to offer, but, that third wave feminism has crossed waters. It's no longer simply feminism. It's equal rights for all, not just women, therefore it's not feminism anymore. It's a trans movement that simply refuses to acknowledge that it has transcended to a divergent but equally beneficial cause. Let go of the old conceptions, and acknowledge what you really are: you are egalitarians. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!