I'm overweight. Obese, in fact. Have been for years. I know I'm not healthy, and I'm not trying to make excuses for it. I do have a couple of things making it hard to lose weight and easy to gain, but that shouldn't stop me from going for a walk or buying a treadmill (if I had the money for it). I eat unhealthily and I don't exercise, point blank. However, I like the fat acceptance movement and I don't like this whole thing about it being bad. The main arguments I always hear are that "fat people should not be accepted because it's not healthy" and that "fat people should not accept themselves." I think this is bullshit. I think that being comfortable in your own skin is a must. It shouldn't mean that you're happy being overweight, but it should mean that you don't look in the mirror and hate yourself. I also think "fat acceptance" should mean that a fat person can walk down the street or the hall and not be insulted or get odd looks. I've dealt with too many bullies and self-esteem issues in my time and I feel like this is a big part of the fat acceptance movement: being accepted for who "we" are. It's not that I want to change these views I've just outlinedI hold them firmly. What I want to do is CMV about the fat acceptance movement. I've heard so many bad things about it and no real explanation has ever been given. Am I misreading the movement? I currently hold the belief that this is what the movement stands for, but does it? Is it more about "thin privilege" bullshit? In its current state, I like it, and I've never heard a counterargument that wasn't similar to those above. So please, CMV. On "being comfortable in your own skin": As I mentioned to utheconstipator, my mother is also severely obese. Her definition (and the definition she taught me) of "being comfortable in your own skin" is basically that you don't care what other people think of you. You are happy being yourself, and you change yourself for your own benefit rather than to fit society's norms. Thank you all. The movement doesn't necessarily sound like a good thing now. I've heard from a lot of you that it glorifies being overweight and that many people in the movement believe that being overweight is an unchangeable fact about yourself and that you should just embrace it. I think I always read "fat acceptance" as accepting overweightobese people for who they are and not criticizing them for their weight, when it's actually so much more (and not all of it good). So again, thank you.