Uber is having a very public fight right now with NYC Mayor Bill de Blasio, basically arguing that they should be allowed to compete with yellow cabs in a free market and that consumers should have a choice. I would find this argument much more convincing if Uber weren't exempt from almost every rule and regulation by which the TLC governs traditional taxi services, on dubious legal grounds. Yellow (and green) cabs in NYC must comply with many rules, including car safety inspections, emissions checks and other environmental regulations, and driver background checks. Whether you agree with these rules or not (and I certainly have some questions about some of them), the fact remains that they are expensive to follow and that cost is of course passed on to the consumer by the cabs. Uber is not competing in a free market at all, in the sense of operating more efficiently to offer a lower price they're just gouging their competition by flouting the law. If Uber (or anyone else) disagrees with these laws (such as the regulation of fares), they can of course use the political process to try to get them changed, but in that case they should be changed for regular cabs also. There should never be a situation where there is one set of rules and regulations for regular cabs and a separate set for Uber. Uber is not and should not be above the law, no matter how cool and "disruptive" they might think they are. TO BE CLEAR: I am not arguing for or against any particular regulation. My argument is that, whatever the level of regulation you favor, Uber and yellowgreen cabs should be held to the same standard. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!