The main reasons that I believe this are because men's issues are often a matter of life and death, and men's issues do not have any acceptance or recognition in modern culture. Men's issues are a matter of life and death. I'd like to focus on four main issues here: combat deaths, workplace injurydeath, suicidedepression, and violent crime. Recent statistics for the war in Iraq show that 97.5 of combat deaths are male and 2.5 are female. [Source] In the past, it is likely that these statistics were almost 100 male. While it is hopeful that the draft (in the USA at least) will not be reinstated, men are the only ones required to register for Selective Service. Why is this not denigrated as sexist? Throughout history men have either been forced into military service or shamed when they did not serve. Look up the "White Feather Women." It's easy to be self-righteous when you have no danger of being called up to serve. In 2011, 4308 males died in the workplace compared to 385 females. [Source] This comes out to 92 male and 8 female workplace deaths. Should we not be asking questions about why there is such a huge gender disparity? If it is because more men choose these type of dangerous jobs (which is likely), then shouldn't we be asking why men choose (or possibly are forced to choose) these types of jobs? It seems to me that there are societal factors that influence men to choose a dangerous career (or to be in the military) just as there are societal factors that influence women to be less likely to choose engineeringscience majors. While I agree that we should work on improving both of these inequalities, this is an issue of life and death for men, and yet it gets no publicity at all. Men have high rates of suicide and depression that are not being addressed. Men are four times more likely to die from suicide than women. [Source] Why do men choose to commit suicide using more violent methods than women? The statistics I found suggest that women have higher rates of depression than men, although personally I think they are close to 5050 due to underreporting of male depression. In any case, there is a stigma in society against men expressing their feelings or getting help for their depression. Men are expected to "man up" or "get over it" and just deal with their problems rather than getting the help they deserve. In my opinion, this leads to the higher rate of successful suicides among men. Men are more likely to be a victim of a violent crime Source] . Despite all the publicity about women being scared to walk around at night, men are still much more likely to be assaulted or mugged than women. I think the gender inequality in these areas stems from historical views that men were largely expendable, and that attitude continues to this day. In contrast, women were and are protected women and children first!. I obviously agree that there are harmful stereotypes about women that are commonly accepted, such as not being respected in business, but I'd take that stereotype any day over being expendable and much more prone to death. Men's issues have no acceptance or recognition in modern culture. Here are just some examples of issues that men uniquely face in our society: Men receive prison sentences almost 3 times longer than women committing the same crime. [Source] In fact, the gender gap is 6 times higher than racial disparity Source] for sentencing. Think about how racist American courts are, now imagine how much more sexist than that they actually are. Male genital mutilation is a common and accepted practice in First World countries, while female genital mutilation is abhorred and only happens in Third World countries. Oh, sure, male genital mutilation is "not as bad" as female genital mutilation. Therefore we shouldn't care about it at all? Men are told from (some) feminist groups that it is not possible for a man to be raped. The CDC definition of rape does not even include "being forced to penetrate," which is the primary way that women rape men. I'm not even going to cite statistics about which gender is raped more because it doesn't even matter. All of these people, male or female, are victims and should be given support and encouragement, and their rapists should be brought to justice. But male rape is not taken seriously by most people. Raped men are often made fun of or called "faggots," or they are told that they actually wanted it all along, because all men care about is sex, right? I'm sure you saw [this video] . Actor or not, this is what raped men, and I should know, feel like in today's society. Compare all of the issues I've talked about (and there are many, many more) to those affecting women. I found a list of these women's issues on rfeminism. bodily integrity and autonomy fair wages and equal career opportunities the right to vote and the representation of women in politics the right to own property the right to education Three of those: the right to own property, the right to education, and the right to vote don't even apply to Western society any more. And in the past, they didn't even apply to most men either, since you had to be a wealthy landowner to be educated or vote. Most people in the past got screwed over no matter what gender you were, and it bothers me that people act like the past was so great for men and so terrible for women. It sucked for 95 of people regardless of gender. I agree that bodily integrity and autonomy is important, but in America at least we have available abortions and birth control. In fact, there are plenty of women's groups that provide free or cheap versions of those. Women have plenty of reproductive choices, men have few or none. Birth control pills for men do not exist (yet). Men do not have a choice in whether their child will be aborted or not. When faced with a pregnancy, women can choose whether or not to be mothers, but men cannot choose whether or not to be fathers. This is another issue that I think is more important for men than women, and yet men's issues in this area are never discussed. Fair wages are important, but we have laws in this country that ensure that women are paid equal salary to men for equal work. You can argue that sometimes these laws are broken, but then that's an enforcement issue. Again, even in the worst case scenario that women are paid less than men, consider that men are overwhelmingly represented in dangerous careers. Wouldn't it be better to be paid less and stay alive than to be dead? Representation in politics I'll also give you, but consider that more women vote in elections than men. [Source] . Women clearly are voting these men into office in high numbers. If you want more women in politics, vote for them. I am not trying to say that women's issues are not important, because they obviously are, but in my mind all of these issues are less important than the men's issues I mentioned. Furthermore, women's issues receive funding and attention, while men's issues are largely denigrated and ignored. Have you ever heard of a domestic violence shelter for men? Have you ever heard of birth control for men? (I'll give you a hint, it's [out there] , just not receiving hardly any support or acknowledgement). Have you ever heard discussions about why men die on average 8 years earlier than women? Shouldn't we be addressing that huge gender disparity or at least discussing it productively? I appreciate all viewpoints here. I know that my belief that men's issues are more important than women's issues is an extremely controversial idea, and I'm trying to find some middle ground here. Please give me some reasons to find this middle ground, because I've been trying to find it for weeks now and I can't see any reason why women's issues are in any way comparable in severity to men's issues. I honestly want my view changed (in fact, I would be very happy if I could be convinced that men's and women's issues are equal in severity), I just can't find any way to do it. EDIT: It seems like I'm getting a lot more downvotes than a typical CMV post. I hate people who complain about downvotes, but if you disagree with me, please don't downvote this post. It only means that I'm less likely to hear the reply that might convince me to change my view. I am genuinely interested in everything that people have to say, so please respond to this post and tell me in words not votes. EDIT 2: Overall, I'm just... disappointed. I feel much more attacked than reasoned with. Although some of you have been very polite and reasonable, I'd say a large portion of the responses have been veiled attacks. I expected better from this subreddit. Lots of deleted comments and PMs telling me I'm scum. The most common answer I received was that these are "human" issues, not men's issues. This is not the way that "female" issues like rape are treated in our society. I dare you to tell a feminist that rape isn't a woman's issue. Why do issues that disproportionally affect men suddenly get treated differently? The whole thread is just bogged down in petty little arguments on particular issues, and I'm tired of it. I want you to address the entire thrust of my argument, not just pick a tiny little battle you think you can win. I'm going to keep reading responses and reply when I can. Please keep responding to me. I'm willing to listen. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!