Anecdotes time. 1. Today I was working with a co-worker on a project. The co-worker gets me the files he was working on, I look them over and give him some notes. I notice it's taking him an unusually large amount of time to do a routine task and I check in on him. I ask to check out what he has so far to see if it works, so if it doesn't I can save him some time down the line. He says no. Long story short we have conflict (It was utterly ridiculous for him to flat out refuse). At the end of it he says "Sorry man, my friend died today and I'm not at my best work-wise." Great, now I feel like a dick and I was hard on him when he's already dealing with some shit. 2. I'm traveling in London in college with a couple of friends (guy and a gal) who are closer to each other than with me. The guy is straightedge (no drugsalcohol) but claims he's ok with us drinking. We're at a fish and chips restaurant and we order a beer. We start talking about drinking and I half-seriously suggest he should try it in the way friends do, until he straight up starts crying. The gal asks me to go away while she calms him down, I leave and come back, and we leave. The guy is acting weird all week, and I'm 80 sure he's mad at me. Like, really, really mad at me. Eventually the girl pulls me aside and says "He didn't want me to tell you this, but his grandma passed away and that's why he's acting like this." I feel like social standards dictate that grieving people have a right to act in nearly any way they want and it's pretty much okay, but I can't help but feel wronged in both these scenarios. I think if someone is dealing with something so profound as death and loss, and is in close quarters with me by nature of work, travel or so on, that I have a right to know that they're dealing with that, and that they have a responsibility to tell me what's happening. When I think about it without those experiences I'm inclined to believe that grieving people get a carte blanche as long as their grieving process doesn't hurt anyone. But in both the scenarios I experienced, I felt wronged, and a bit pissed at the people who are grieving for not clueing me in. Overall I'm eager to hear what the hivemind has to say either way. EDIT: Made this post before a party, I thought I would have more time to respond. I apologize and I will get to everyone as I can. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!