In order for democracy to work, we put faith in the people. We believe that the majority of people will be able to successfully elect a government that represents their people. I believe that democracy has been sustainable in the United States because the majority of people were smart enough to elect leaders who had the best interests of the people and the country. However, looking at birth rates, demographics, education levels, income levels and so on... it's becoming more more clear that the majority will soon become uneducated people. Let me be clear here, by uneducated I mean, people who cannot understand what is actually best for them and the country. If democracy continues to exist, there is no defense against dumb people electing leadership that will ruin the country. These dumb people will have a greater say then the smart people and as a result, will eventually cause the demise of democracy. Take Gaza for example. Hamas was democratically elected. Now to a level-headed person they probably wouldn't want to elect a political party that is willing to sacrifice it's own people, to fulfill a political agenda. However in Gaza the majority of the people voted for Hamas, and as a result they were elected. To me, this is an example of democracy failing. When leadership that destroys it's country is elected by a majority of people who believe said leadership is best for them, simply because they are not educated or wise enough to understand the consequences of the leadership that they elected. This is just one example. I believe that in order for society to evolveexist we cannot put our faith in the people. I believe that we must be ruled by the elites of our societies. These elites are not selected by the people, but are established based on certain merits. Merits that are achieved through Humanitarian work, educational work, military work.. ect. Sort of like the Supreme Court, but without the appointment by a president. The appointment shall be made by qualifications that limit the representation to a handful of people. To me, this is the only way to protect people from themselves. If you believe that Democracy won't fail, I ask what makes you believe that there will be enough smart people to outweigh the dumb people? Using statistics of birth rates, education levels, income levels, wouldn't you agree that lower society is the one reproducing at higher rates? Possibly because they aren't bright enough to understand the financial, personal physical burdens having many kids cause. Wouldn't you feel more comfortable putting your faith in the hands of honest, educated, competent people, then a majority that is lacking most of those things? I say Democracy is doomed, and it's becoming clearer by the day. Change My View Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!