Throughout history people who cannot tolerate (or be tolerated by) the society in which they live move elsewhere. This is a big part of why Americans moved West, why the Mormons wound up in Utah, why the Pilgrims left England, and why many people in South-East Asia left the Kingdoms of the rivers for the Mountains. Without that choice people are stuck in intolerable situations, cases where civil war war, political unrest, starvation, or the destruction of whole peoples are inevitable. I would argue that there the whole world is now covered by nation-states and therefore there is nowhere to go to be out of the reach of political sanctions or military expeditions of anyone you care to escape. The only way to remove yourself from the jurisdiction of one is to submit yourself to the jurisdiction of another which happens to decide to block the authority of another nation-state. If I wanted more control over my life, find no polity acceptable to my ends, or feel persecuted by people in a position of power I have fewer and fewer options available to me. If I don't seek confrontation with those powers and authorities then I have no options. Just because I keep that discontent to myself doesn't make that discontent irrelevant. Patterns of political and social upheaval such as the [Autumn of Nations] or the [Arab Spring] are the result of such simmering discontent. The results of collapse of existing power structures is a crap shoot, the goals of those who precipitate the collapse aren't what determines what succeeds powers that were but which groups have the power and authority to impose order. There is no reason to be confident that the ends and goals of self-determination and freedom. There are significant technical barriers to living elsewhere, and it is entirely possible that the technology required to make life off of Earth possible might require strong central planning and community-base lifestyles. But having the option, and siphoning off the most commune-oriented, would greatly improve the situation for those who are more libertarian minded who remain. TL;DR: We need the ability to shed discontentsthose causing discontentment sooner rather than later and outer space looks like the only place they can fleebe exiled.