I am nonreligious; this post is not written out of animus toward atheists. I will also go ahead and say that atheism per se is not a religion- it is the lack of belief in a god. I am referring to the "new atheism" movement, which is much more that just mere atheism. First off: Something does not require belief in a deity in order to be considered religious. Religion can manifest itself in many ways, such as a set of philosophies and beliefs among a group of people. I agree with Neil DeGrasse Tyson when he says that it's weird that the word "atheist" even exists. We don't go telling people we are nongolfers or that dogs are noncats. I get it, religion is a big thing and "atheist" describes someone who isn't apart of that. But, I think it's really odd to actually identity so strongly as something that you are NOT. I am a non-Muslim. I don't identify as a non-Muslim nor do I go to non-Muslim events in my city. So, New atheism is a spiced up version of antitheism, and the attitude is displayed pretty accurately on ratheism. Just take a look at its [wikipedia article] . The movement is pretty much based off the writings of people like Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris, Christopher Hitchens, etc. But this isn't just a group of people on the internet. This group holds events all the time. Rallies, conventions, and the like. These events can always been seen on the ratheism sidebar. Hell, in 2012, new atheism people held a [Reason Rally] in Washington where they had a bunch of people speak about how rational and atheist they are and expressed their disdain for religion and especially Christianity. Speakers talked about how X and Y about religion is awful (and don't get me wrong, the anti-gay, anti-science stuff annoys me too), and they went on to talk about how much of an asshole the God of the Bible is. People rant about how much they hate something they don't even believe exists. I find this all really ridiculous. A huge movement of people so strongly identifying as something they are NOT. They are guided by these books written by these atheist public figures and, when they get together, hardly appear different from religious people- the content is just different, but it does seem pretty dogmatic at times being that it is so focused on religion or the lack thereof. Why do so many of these people so heavily identify as something they are not? Again, I am nonreligious so this isn't out of disdain toward atheists. Also, belief in a god is NOT required for something to be considered religious. Please CMV. Edit: My view has changed. Thanks for the clarifications, they were very helpful. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!