[Here] 's a paper that was published in Psychological Science, one of the top peer-reviewed psychology journals. Its purpose was to refute exaggerated claims about the differences between men's and women's sexualities. One of the ideas it aims to refute is that straight men have more sexual partners on average than straight women. It presents this as a widely-held belief that has been used to support gender stereotypes about sexuality. The article then explains a fancy psychological study that manipulated people into being more honest about their sexual history than they would normally be. These men and women reported similar numbers of sexual partners. The authors proudly concluded: Bottom line: Do women...actually have fewer sexual partners than do men? No This was clearly intended as evidence against the stereotype that men seek to have more sex than women. But, as another psychologist [pointed out] on an obscure blog, of course straight men and women have the same number of sexual partners, since, every time a man has sex with a new woman, that woman is having sex with a new man. There's no way for the average straight man to have more sexual partners than the average straight woman (except due to differences in the number of men and women in the population, which is beside the point). Nonsense like this is seems rampant in the social sciences. Psychology, sociology, anthropology and related fields seem dominated by people who have no real intellectual curiosity about how the mind works or how societies work. Rather, they are interested in advancing social justice, and they became social scientists in order to generate "research" that supports the perspectives of the social justice movement. Hence, we see "experts" making downright stupid arguments against "gender stereotypes," getting those arguments published in prestigious journals, and not having their articles retracted after their egregious errors are pointed out. [EDITED for clarity] As a result, the social sciences have failed to discover much of anything - they still can't really explain why racism exists and how to make it go away, for instance. I'm really interested to hear people's defense of the social sciences against this kind of accusation. I realize it's a broad topic, and I welcome commenters to use any examples they want to use. However, if it helps, here's a list of ideas that I think are wrong, and that I think were generated or at least perpetuated by social scientists who were biased by social justice concerns: 1) That people are born "blank slates," that our "culture" determines our psychological traits to a far greater extent than instincts, and so on. 2) That human cultures are all wildly different from eachother. 3) That ancient hunter-gatherers and other pre-state peoples were very peaceful, compassionate, and cooperative compared to modern peoples. (The "noble savage" idea.) 4) That rape, in general, is a political act intended to oppress women as a class, and not motivated by sexual desire. 5) That males and females only think and behave differently because of differences in how they are socialized. 6) That racism and sexism are fundmentally the same kind of thing. 7) That white westerners are especially bigoted compared to other people. Alright, I think that's plenty. [EDIT: Lot's of people have said they don't know what I mean by this, and, in retrospect, that's understandable. What I was trying to get at was the idea that white people's racism towards black people and men's sexism towards women are the same in their underlying emotions and motivation and have comparable effects black people and women, as if the only difference between racism and sexism is that racism applies where the groups are separated by skin color while sexism applies where the groups are separated by the kind of genitals they have. Social psychologists commonly explain racism and sexism under the same theories, such as Social Identity Theory, or the Stereotype Content Model (look them up). However, in reality, attitudes about race and attitudes about gender follow very different patterns. If people want to discuss this further, say so.] Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!