I'm sure you've all heard something along the eyes of "Weezer has only released two good albums: Blue and Pinkerton." I've heard The Blue Album described as a 'classic' and Pinkerton a 'masterpiece.' While I'm not arguing Blue's place in history (irrelevent to if the album is any good or not), it's a pretty weak album, not going to lie. Almost every song on Blue is very similar: the same droning guitar sounds, repeated (often near-rhyme) chorus, simple lyrics, and occasional one-song instruments. Many songs sounds similar and are very amatuerish sounding, expected as it is their debut album. The whole album is very wish-washy and boring to listen to. The length of the album is also very short, espcially if you don't count the cop-out of an ending track. Contrasting this with EWBAITE (Everything Will Be Alright in the End), there is much more variety and quality. For instance, the beginning of EWBAITE starts off with some radio noise, a mother tell a daughter that her nightmares aren't anything to worry about, booming guitar sounds and a variety of voices saying stuff like "Rock is dead" "I'm proud of you son" and "All the girls love you," and the rising chanting of "Ain't Got Nobody!." This leads into fast paced awesome first track. Blue's first track "My Name Is Jonas" just starts off most songs on Blue: with the guitar riff that will be appear again at the end of the track. EWBAITE has a long album-closer too, probably to evoke memory of Blue's popular Only in Dreams. It, of course, completely overshadows Only In Dreams. The first part (The Waste Land) is slow, but guitar focused. Anonymous is where is becomes great with its unusual structure and great solo. The chorus is also really good (especially at 2:00 with the repeated "hey!. Return to Ithaka is a fantastic album closer. The melody sounds great and it ends the album on such an over-the-top note. But, of course, the beginning and the end aren't really the most important part of a Weezer album. It's the choruses! I'll do a quick rating of the choruses of both albums: 1. My Name Is Jonas - pretty decent 2. No One Else - ehh 3. The World Has Turned and Left Me Here - ehh 4. Buddy Holly - decent 5. Undone (The Sweater Song) - okay 6. Surf Wax America - ehh 7. Say It Ain't So - okay 8. In the Garage - ehh 9. Holiday - pretty bad 10. Only in Dreams - okay Overall: ehhokay And EWBAITE: 1. Ain't Got Nobody - good 2. Back to the Shack - ehh (should be noted that this song is about going back to their roots, and is one of the worst songs on the album) 3. Eulogy for a Rock Band - okay 4. Lonely Girl - decent 5. I've Had It Up to Here - pretty decent 6. The British Are Coming - good 7. Da Vinci - great 8. Go Away - pretty good 9. Cleopatra - decent 10. Foolish Father - pretty good (repeated album name at the end: great) 11. The Waste Land - NA 12. Anonymous - good 13. Return to Ithaka - NA Overall: decentgood I'm half-kidding on that point, but it's still a factor. In short: The Blue Album is a fine ninties debut album, but pales in comparison to the modern, loud Everything Will Be Alright in the End in almost every way (I can think of). I'd love to hear any rebuttals, as I'm sure many of you love The Blue Album (nostolga?). Obligitory: EWBAITE Pink Red Hurley Blue Green Raditude (haven't listened to the others enough times to properly judge) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!