Having a child is a complete gamble. The child can be potentially ugly, unintelligent, have bad social skills, be untalented, develop chronic pain or have some sort of medical condition, develop a mental illness, die tragically in a disasteraccident, or be murdered at random and that's only the beginning. When you bring a child into this world, you are literally guaranteeing that it must go to school (something all kids dread), worry about making friends, worry about performing well at school and in final exams so that it can finally go to college andor get a job as a wage slave. You are literally guaranteeing in the first world they will have to get a job and work their asses off to get by. Is that really all "worth it" for any tiny bits of pleasure they can experience here and there? And that's the first world. Don't even get me started on having kids in the third world. There is an inherent asymmetry between pain and pleasure. For example, would you take 1 hour of the most pure pleasure (some kind of heroin while eating KFC and having sex all at the same time) you have ever experienced if it were to be followed by 1 hour of the most intense pain you could ever experience (being burned alive, having limbs cut off etc)? Probably not. For any conscious being (whether human or non-human) it would have been better never to exist, since coming into being is always an overall harm, and thus worse than non-existence, for that being. Non-existence implies the absence of both pains and pleasures, but whereas the absence of the pains is something good, it is not the case that the absence of the pleasures is bad or something to be deplored. A potential person is not deprived of anything, claims Benatar, by not being brought into existence. Also, many parents willingly bring children into this world when they know life itself isn't even worth it in the long run. They perpetuate the suffering onto their children. When parents say "well, life isn't fair" they unknowingly reveal an important fact about the natalist attitude to life and to children. Life isn't fair, which means, prima facie, that perpetuating it is an injustice. In order to tolerate and extend the injustice of life, persons intent on reproduction must value life more than fairness. Are parents aware of this, and what do they mean when they say "well, life isn't fair"? Do they really stand by this statement, which seems so self-accusing? Lastly, children cannot consent to being brought into the world. They have no say in it, and I bet if they saw their lives before being born they would all choose to stay in a state of non-existence.