I do not think rape culture exists, because a lot of things that people consider to be "rape culture" is just apart of other things. One might say that victim blaming is a part of rape culture. No, victim blame in way other situations than rape victims. I was robbed at gunpoint walking to the gas station one night. People told me that "That sucks, and I'm sorry that happened, but you shouldn't walk alone at night." Rape victims hear similar things and then they cry "SEE?! RAPE CULTURE!!" but it isn't, it's victim blaming. Plain and simple. People victim blame all the time, even for simple things. If I'm walking in the grass and slip and fall, most people wouldn't really feel bad, some people would just call me a clutz and then tell me to walk it off, and laugh at me for being clumsy, thus blaming the victim. Here's my second refute: People claim that "courtmentship game" is a part of rape culture. Nope, just entitlement in our society. Some people feel entitled to so many things other than sex.. Let me give you an example; Man buys woman drinks, takes her out to eat a lot, now feels like he is entitled to sex. Many feminists say that's rape culture, it isn't. It is entitlement culture. People sometimes feel entitled to many things, not just sex. I think it is because how we raise our kids. If you do something good, you'll get a reward. So many people never actually realize that it isn't how it works in the real world. As far as victim doubting. Rape can be hard to prove, especially if it wasn't a violent one. If all rape victims were taken 100 seriously, 100 of the time, a lot of innocent people would be gotten locked up because people will then have a tool to falsely accuse of someone easily, some (albeit very rarely), actually do it now. So people don't victim-doubt because of rape culture, people victim-doubt because rape is often hard to prove, so you have to be very careful before we convict. This part of so called "rape culture," isn't rape culture, it's just part of the US constitution: "Innocent until proven guilty." - Should we now switch it around to please the feminists? In conclusion; victim blaming, victim-doubting, sex-entitlement, isn't rape culture. All the things that people say is apart of rape culture applies so much more than just to rape. Therefore, rape culture (as far as feminism goes), isn't real. They just stole it from men in prison and went with it. If there is a rape culture, it is the prison one; We either laugh off, or even glorify the possibility of a prisoner getting raped. But even then, that might not be "rape culture," it might be "Justice culture." We in America likes to see justice served, no matter how strongly it was served.