[Exodus 12:14] establishes Passover as a festival to forever remind the Jewish people of their alleged escape from slavery in Egypt. And [Exodus 12:29] tells us that: Now it came about at midnight that the Lord struck all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, from the firstborn of Pharaoh who sat on his throne to the firstborn of the captive who was in the dungeon, and all the firstborn of cattle. And why? Because Pharo would not release the Hebrew slaves. And why would he not? Because God made him want not to. We are told: in [Exodus 11:4-8] Moses said [to Pharo], "Thus says the Lord, 'About midnight I am going out into the midst of Egypt, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the firstborn of the Pharaoh who sits on his throne, even to the firstborn of the slave girl who is behind the millstones; all the firstborn of the cattle as well. Moreover, there shall be a great cry in all the land of Egypt, such as there has not been before and such as shall never be again. But against any of the sons of Israel a dog will not even bark, whether against man or beast, that you may understand how the Lord makes a distinction between Egypt and Israel.' [... So Pharo is warned of what will happen, but he takes no notice, as we are told in [Exodus 11:9-10] that he will not: Then the Lord said to Moses, "Pharaoh will not listen to you, so that My wonders will be multiplied in the land of Egypt." Moses and Aaron performed all these wonders before Pharaoh; yet the Lord hardened Pharaoh's heart, and he did not let the sons of Israel go out of his land. And the promised mass murder ensues. God sets up the slaughter of many, many children (including the children of other slaves!) just to make a point. A God that would do such a thing is not a God that modern people should have anything to do with. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!