I have only recently found this subreddit and I think it's great...but I am starting to notice a trend - that popular opinions that normally go with the grain of Reddit get upvoted, while unpopular opinions get downvoted (which I am not even sure how that happens, since there is no downvote arrow!) Why do you people do this? The people who are posting the most disagreeable opinions, even if they are attention mongering or trolling, are perhaps the most honorable of everyone on this forum because they are putting themselves out there. Even if they are trolling, there is probably some kernal of curiosity that they have and are trying to learn new things on some plane of existence within their mind - otherwise they wouldn't have even bothered. If they don't really believe in what they are saying - well at least the community at large gets to benefit from a sincere discussion if your reply is good; so who cares? By downvoting these unpopular opinions, you are wiping away the chance to communicate and share your experience with them by dismissing them as a troll - maybe even change their opinion, despite what they post furiously back to you in response. I know there have been a lot of times in my life where I had a really terrible argument with someone and they probably went away thinking I was a disagreeable jerk - but later on I would think about what they said and realize, "hey you know what - as much as I want to punch them in the face, they were right." Sometimes this has happened years later. Anyway, my point is that the people on here who are posting the most controversial views are the good ones. The Socratic method is a good thing and we will all benefit from a full discussion. The opinions of the people with the most deltas shown on the column at right over there mean nothing to me - unless it is a good opinion judged by the merit of the opinion itself and how it is communicated, not by the number of deltas. I don't even think you should have that top ten list because it's giving an incentive for people to think they are hot shit for having the most deltas - e.g. if you disagree with me, fuck you because I'm the best mind changer and therefore the smartest. In other words, it starts to decay otherwise good minds' ability to think critically and communicate diplomatically. Maybe deltas should even be totally private. But then again - I'm new here so there could have been some stuff that happened in the past that I don't understand. Maybe people are posting things repetitively and this is why they get downvoted? Let me know what you think and looking forward to your opinion!