The CIA sexually assaulted detainees as an interrogation technique. I doubt anyone arguing in favor of these "enhanced" tactics in the name of "national security" would advocate raping women for information. EDIT: I didn't think I'd have to put this here, but apparently it needs to be noted: I'm a woman, a feminist, and a rape survivor. I'm getting some aggressive PMs accusing me of being a trolling woman-bashing MRA guy who thinks men are always the victim of women. I don't know how to change the details of this CMV to more clearly illustrate my point that, in American society, male victims of sexual assault receive less sympathy than women, at least partially because men are expected to be strong, dominant protectors, not victims. That's NOT to say that women receive "too much sympathy," only that everyone deserves a support system and justice, and men are less likely to receive it in this instance for various cultural reasons. As a result, I think the fact that the United States government used rape as a war tactic is less shocking to the public because the victims were men, and not women. "Prisoners were subjected to 'rectal feeding' without medical necessity. Rectal exams were conducted with 'excessive force'. The report highlights one prisoner later diagnosed with anal fissures, chronic hemorrhoids and 'symptomatic rectal prolapse'." Source: Ok. If it was reported that a female detainee was sodomized with medical devices so frequently and so forcefully that she suffered a torn anus and her intestines were spilling out of her ass, I doubt Dick Cheney would proudly promise "And I'd do it again!" when asked about authorizing these tactics. Detainees were often kept naked, were beaten, waterboarded, chained and forced to stand in stress positions for up to a week at a time. And there are probably many more horrors that we will never know about. An interrogator and torturer at Abu Ghraib said of the Senate report's details, "I'm not surprised. I assure you there is more; much remains redacted." As heinous as all this is, there are some: the folks at Fox News (and at least some of their viewers), former VP Cheney, and some members of Congress, who are comfortable with this level of torture because they insist these tactics were necessary and effective in keeping us "safe" (which has also been disputed by the report). At the same time, I remember when Bush and Cheney were trying to drum up support for the Iraq War, they cited "rape rooms," torture, and other abuses of Iraqis as an emotional appeal to the American public. The image of a woman being subjected to sexual violence by government officials was convincing enough that many parroted these details as a reason why we need to "liberate" Iraq. The general consensus was that this sort of treatment is inhumane and would fall under the realm of "crimes against humanity." Now, there aren't many high profile women working within terrorist groups, though they do exist. Would the same people who are comfortable with the treatment of male detainees be comfortable subjecting Samantha Lewthwaite, AKA the "white widow," to the same conditions to source information from her? What about other extremist groups? White supremacistsneo nazis, militant environmental groups, Chechen rebels, etc, etc. Of course, I'm completely opposed to any form of torture. Once it's sanctioned for one purpose to save lives, why not another? But even if it's kept within the limited realm of the CIA, it seems this behavior is acceptable to commit against men, but would be labelled as a war crime if this was done to women. Perhaps it is because men are more commonly associated with terrorism. Perhaps it is because we view sexual violence against women to be somehow "worse" than it is for men. Regardless of the reasoning, the fact that sexual violence is an acceptable interrogation tool against men, but not for women, is incredibly sexist and wrong.