EDIT: View Changed by uNeilZod Why do you believe that a civil suit will result in criminal charges? If the statute of limitations for rape has already passed, then Cosby can't be charged with rape. I began this saying I was unaware of the specifics of the whole affair because I don't keep up with celebrity gossip. From all the attention it has garnered I was unaware that there was not a criminal case in progress, nor that the accusations are so old and past the statutes of limitation. That makes this much different because she's no longer someone trying to get double jeopardy with a civil case following a criminal case, but rather someone in the middle of media barrage. I still feel that should she have done this in the context of a criminal case it would have been wrong, but clearly the context of this case is much different than what I had been lead to believe. As a preface, I'm not someone who usually cares much about celebrity or their scandals. For all I care, they're just more fallible people doing what they will. I've been vaguely aware of the controversy as a bunch of women are accusing Bill Cosby of rape under dubious circumstances, I think anyone who spends any significant amount of time would have to have at least heard of it, but I do not know the specific details. This is not a case for Cosby's guilt or innocence, I really could not care less about it, this is about the newest suit. I overheard this being discussed briefly on the radio this morning, and the implications of Cosby's latest lawsuit are deeply disturbing to me. I went and found an [article about it] but for those who don't know, apparently the latest in the Bill Cosby rape scandal is a lawsuit for defamation of character. Basically, one of the women who has accused him of sexual assault is now trying to sue him for discrediting her accusations; for calling her a liar. To me, this is a very dangerous case. I do not know the details regarding Cosby's guilt and I do not care to make a debate for or against him, this is a moot point. However, the implications of the lawsuit being pressed against him scare me. If someone accuses a person of something as serious as rape, that person's life is now turned upside. Regardless of guilt or innocence, their public image will be destroyed because their name will now be forever associated with sex crime. That this person can then be sued for defending themselves seems to be an abuse of the law. As a man, it feels like there's no winning. There's a lot of radical feminist culture online which seems to suggest this idea that there is a pervasive rape culture and universal hatred towards women; a culture which paints the male image as a potential rapist waiting to strike. If this woman is successful in her defamation suit, it feels like no matter what men would be hopeless. If you're accused of rape, regardless of the facts you're guilty. If you try to defend your image or discredit the accuser's claims, you're guilty. Lose-Lose. What part of this is alright? In what way can this suit be justified? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!