Disclosure I don't believe the biological differences between races justify any superiority among races, rather it's a differentiating factor and we should recognize it. As an anon from b put it, There are biological differences between the races just as there are biological differences between dog and cat breeds despite the genetic makeup being identical. The idea that race is a social construction is pushed to counteract the idea that intelligence is a biological development (which is a good thing, because intelligence isn't determined by race, it's determined by socio-economic circumstances). I mean, the races are a literal proof of evolution. Skin tone, muscle length and size, body shape, these develop because of the way we bred over the past 100,000 years. Europeans are stocky because Europes filled with mountains and so we needed more core strength. Africans are lanky and tall because they live in plains and need to be able to run faster and for longer periods of time. You think countries like Ethiopia dominating long distance running is because they train hard? It's because they are biologically predisposed to it. Compare that to olympic weightlifting. Who wins that? Typically white, middle eastern, and asian nations, because they developed the pound for pound strength needed to survive in their respective areas. It goes even further than that. You know that it is possible to determine race based purely off of bone and skull shape, right? That hair fibres are formed differently for each race? There are blatant physical differences between the races. It's not a social construct, the social construct is that being physically different means you are also intellectually different. I believe it's undeniable there are subtle biological differences which make certain people from certain regions of the world better at performing certain tasks. This does not mean they are in any way superior than others, in fact it merely shows the beauty of evolution and adaption. I believe these subtle biological differences are by no means a reason to reel in the topic of intelligence and race because intelligence depends on a multitiude of factors, including what anon said, such as socioeconomic factors. It would be ridiculous and conceited to make any wild assumptions based on these small differences, but not acknowledging them just because we are afraid of being labelled as "racist" is equally as absurd. CMV.