The historical impact of the New York Yankees is unquestionable. Murderer's Row, the Bambino, Mo 'The Sandman' Rivera, Grandy, Jeter. The history surrounding that team is phenomenal and undeniable. Unlike others, I do not typically position myself as a 'Yankee Hater' because they are a phenomenal ball club, who powered the sport for many a decade. However, I believe the achievements of the St Louis Cardinals, a team with a similarly successful history, not without its own icons (Gibson, Schoendienst, McGwire, and of course Musial), and second only to the Yankees in World Championships, are of a greater historical value for these reasons: 1. I believe that the location, though helpful in spreading out the impact of a fan base over the Midwest (for years they were the westernmost team, and were broadcast on the extremely popular and powerful KMOX), has been less than optimal for income, primarily in the age of 'TV money'. The wealth and population density is such that the market just cannot support the kind of money a market such as NY can. 2. On that same topic, the [attendance records] , that is to say, roughly at or above NL attendance records since 1967, are an exceptional achievement for the same reasons: wealth and population density would not seem to lend themselves to these kinds of outcomes for this market. And yet, the Cardinals have consistently achieved top numbers in the league, and are renowned throughout baseball for their fan's attendance, even in non-competitive years, or, as they say, playing 'non-meaningful ball'. 3. What I will call the 'fly-over rule'. Any major sports, media, or popular culture figures to come out of the 'fly-over' country typically have to work harder to be noticed. This is usually because of the lack of cosmopolitan and metropolitan centers which lend themselves to being media magnets and therefore content producers. Hollywood is on the west coast, New York on the East. Everyone in between has to fight for their scrap of national recognition. And still, St. Louis is a relevant ball team year after year, without the benefit of being located on the coast, and in spite of fighting against the 'fly-over' bias. So, I believe what the St. Louis Cardinals have achieved over their history, though technically 'less' than the New York Yankees, is more historically valuable, due to it being more difficult to achieve. Full disclosure: I am an avowed 'homer' for the St Louis Cardinals. I wear that badge with pride. Please know however, I am indeed participating in this CMV in full good faith! With that in mind. Please, CMV. I look forward to our interactions.