First, let me just say sorry to all the non-American redditors out there because my post is exclusively referencing the American military. I make no claim to understand the nature of any foreign military enough to hold the same belief in regards to their citizens enlisting in their armed forces. That being said, my argument is as follows: If an individual is qualified for military service, with "qualified" meaning that they are physicallymedically capable, have no more than two dependents, are not the primary custodian of any dependents, are not a convicted felon, and have no pending financial or legal obligations that will restrict their service, then they would be foolish to not reap the benefits of at least one enlistment (assuming the standard enlistment period of 4 years). These benefits include: 1. Job security with a relatively well paying job. 2. Tricare health insurance 3. Physicalmental fortitude 4. Job training 5. Tuition Assistance 6. The G.I. Bill 7. Various state benefits (i.e. state G.I Bills, tax credits, etc.) 8. Hiring preference for government jobs. 9. Membership to military credit unions. 10. Unique experience you can't get anywhere else. Possible objections and counter-arguments: "I don't like violence." Join the Coast Guard, Navy, or Air Force. Chances are that if you see violence in any of those services (Special Warfare is an exception) then something is horribly wrong. "I don't like people hittingyelling at me." This isn't your parents' or grandparents' military anymore. I don't care how many times you have watched Full Metal Jacket; boot camp isn't anything like that today. "I don't like guns." Then don't join the ArmyMarines, but the other services have very little to do with them most of the time. "It's a morally corrupt institution." This is generally in reference to combat, to which I say if you don't want to be involved in combat, then don't join the Army or Marines. The Coast Guard, for example, patrols the coast, rescues individuals at sea, and arrests drug traffickers. How exactly are they morally corrupt? I fully understand those who don't want to do it for a career because it can be very difficult to achieve a work-life balance, but for four years of service (especially if you are very young) the benefits far out weigh the costs. Feel free to CMV.