Note: A film that is bad means that the various elements of the film (directing, writing, acting, photographyvisual composition, editing, soundtrack ect.) are objectively bad or don't work together. Pete Travis's 2012 film Dredd starring Karl Urban receives a lot of praise from many (not all) people over at rmovies and reddit in general (I don't know to many people irl that have seen the film but of the few people they thought it was a great film). The praise people give the film and the non-existance of the criticism of the film confusing. In what ways is the film good? The writing was very unoriginal (I can think of about 20 films of the top of my head that are action packed dystopian violent films, not to mention it had a very similar plot to The Raid: Redemption), had terribly written characters (a 12 year old could have thought of characters with more depth and complexity) and the overall story depended way to much on the action. The acting was bad. There I said it. I have no idea what people see in Karl Urban, maybe it was because the character of the Judge was already terrible but Urban did not bring his A-game to that movie. Lena Headey also was average in the film, Mama was meant to be this extremely brutal and evil character with a tragic and horrorfying past. However the writer, Pete Travis and Lena Headey did a terrible job at trying to communicate this to the audience. She wasn't fearful or even intimidating, I get that Pete Travis was trying to show that women can be even more cruel and dominate than men by making the antagonist a female but it just didn't work. The directing style of Pete Travis is something of a redeemable feature. I suppose the film is a lot like the 2003 film Equilibrium, the style was bold and is the main reason for the appeal, even if the film itself is pretty average. The extreme violence along with the slow motion sequences, and visual techniques to achieve shots like [this] does separate the film some what from the other hundreds of dystopian action films. However overall Dredd is just a regular dystopian action film with bad writingacting and some interesting directing style. I have no idea why it has such a large fanbase. Dredd is a bad film, CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!