Many people became hooked on nicotine years ago when we didn't know how dangerous tobacco was. Today, we can statistically prove that smoking cigarettes destroys the lungs and increases a propensity to developing cancer tenfold. We know that cigarettes are incredibly harmful, yet they are still sold and consumed. The General's Warning and Anti-Tobacco Ads are not enough. The Government needs to regulate the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco related products entirely and wean them off the shelves. I know the biggest issue will be withdrawals across the nation, which is why I think the government needs to establish and promote affordable clinics which supply tobacco users with the means of getting off the drug. Second-hand smoke is another issue. I know there are areas designated for smoking but I can't even count the amount of times I was not in a smoking area and walked through a puff of smoke. It's a disgusting habit. Plus, many people want to quit because they know they are slowly killing themselves but they lack the means or will to go through with it. If the government steps in and begins slowly taking these cancer sticks off the shelves people will not have much of a choice but to comply with programs that will only help them. I know a black market may form, which is why the government must take steps to crack down on this and eradicate the drug before it gets out of hand (example: the gun trade). I would not compare it to alcohol and prohibition since alcohol is not as big of an issue in society. Far more people are addicted to cigarettes than they are to alcohol. Most people drink in moderation, but smokers rarely smoke in moderation. So please don't make this argument. It's an unequal precedent and an even poorer analogy. I firmly believe that only good can come from this. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!