EDIT: ucacheflow made a nice point about how a geocentric calendar will be flawed in the long term as we venture into space and beyond, rendering this change pointless eventually. While I still feel my proposal would be superior to what we have today, and still believe it's possible to implement it efficiently, I completely agree that investing the time and energy into changing it is a waste if we're just going to have to change it again. I'm certainly not the first person to notice this, but I have recently come around to believing that the Gregorian calendar is a grand waste of time. A 13 month calendar with 28 days each would be easier to use, save us time and money in the long run, and should be adopted posthaste. Flaws with the Gregorian: 1. Uneven months. The fact that I still have to recite a rhyme in my head or hold my fists out and count on my knuckles to remember which months have 31 days is stupid. This results in complications for accounting. 2. Uneven months shift days of the week. With the Gregorian calendar you never know what date Friday is, or whether the 8th is a Sunday or a Monday. You have to constantly check the calendar. This is annoying. It's also time consuming. It also disrupts holidays as Christmas will fall on a Sunday once in a while depriving us of awesome vacation days. Or you get the 4th of July on a Tuesday, which is not the best day for BBQs and getting drunk. This also causes problems for simple things like paying bills which are set to a fixed date. The 13-month calendar would solve all those problems: 28 day months, four weeks per month, preserves all religious requirements and typical work-week regimens. Upon implementation Monday would always be the 1st, 8th, 15th, and 22nd of the month. You would never need to consult the calendar again. As for day 365 and possible leap days, make day 365 New Year's Day and an official holiday worldwide. If it's a leap year, add that as part of the holiday as well. For written purposes we could simply code it as 1329-30, or isolate it as 141. These days would not be "mondays" or disrupt the calendar in any way. Can you think of any reasons why this wouldn't be better? Because most people I've told have been giving me the "that's stupid" answer but nobody has yet to give me a decent rebuttal. Also, I'm aware that changing calendars would cost something. Please don't let that be your argument. I believe firmly that we could plan this years in advance, gradually updating software and preparing for the change, and it would cost us very little compared to what we'd save in time and energy going forward. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!