This whole argument started with my best friend. She believes in a soul and she believes true love is when 2 souls are the perfect match for each other and those 2 souls, when they find each other, spend eternity together or whatever. Basically everyone has that one person in the world that they are perfect for and are best suited for. I'm not sure if the majority of the people share her view or not I believe love is simply a chemical brain function, nothing more, nothing less and although its deeply enjoyable, there is nothing magical about it in the sense that people almost never end up with their "soulmate." Even if they are married for 60-70 years there might have been another person in the world, who if they met before they got together or what have you, would be better suited for each other because their personalities are tuned together better. Some people may have a personality that matches really well with a lot of people, other might have a personality that really doesn't match with that many people, or even zero, who knows. My belief stems simply from my idea that there is no reason why the universe should have a monopoly on human lives anyway. Why would the universe care if we end up with anyone or not? Also, every human being is unique but that doesn't mean each person is liked romantically, sexually or even platonically by an equal number of people and its nearly impossible to find someone who could possibly like you the most out of 7 billion people. So let's say in the whole world I have 50 people who could possibly ever be romantically interested in me, after I apply my looks or charms or whatever. out of the top 5 that would be best suited for me, lets say i only met number 3 and end up marrying her and lived with her for the rest of my life. It doesn't mean my wife is my soulmate, it just means shes the best one i happened to find. So in the end what I'm saying is that, life is really random and there may or may not be a soulmate, the perfect one, for everyone in the world and it is impossible to meet them out of 7 billion people and it's impossible to know if you did. Anyway, I'm just an 18 year old dude and have a lot to learn about life. CMV