I really want to like this new series of Cosmos. I like Neil deGrasse Tyson. I'm totally OK with his way of presenting science in a "popular" way. I'm OK with Ann Druyan. I don't think she's nearly as good at presenting an idea like Sagan, or even Tyson, can, but I've read arguments and chapters written by her in some of Carl Sagan's later books. Plus, I love science. So, on the basic level, I should love this new series of Cosmos. But I don't. I find the episodes lacking. One thing that was great about the original series was that it was like a book. Each chapter was separate. Each one presented, formulated, and expounded on a single point. The first episode was an introduction. The second expounded on the introduction and took off on it's own point. And the rest were a myriad of different points and arguments, each building upon prior episodes. Then we get to the last episode, which takes everything we've learned, and how it paints a bleak picture of our own future, yet despite this lack of hope there is a glimpse of hope and greatness. This new series simply doesn't. I don't know if it's because there's roughly 15 minutes less per episode, or if it's because Sagan isn't around to be a part of this series, but I don't feel like a single episode has a cohesive message. It's like they're trying to explain a point, but give up half way. Not only that, but they seem to expend way too much time on cartoon animations and story lines at the cost of making an actual point or explaining fundamental details they otherwise simply gloss over. The series, itself, does not present a cohesive point altogether. The last episode still presents new data, rather than using the points already presented to sum up the message. No reasonable ending to a paper, or closing argument to a presentation, puts forward new information, but rather uses the information presented to make its final point. This is trying to borrow a pedigree from the most popular science series of the last few decades, yet it doesn't follow the one thing that truly makes the original series unique, even to this day, which is the layout. Sure, it has good visuals (for the time), but so do any new science series. Not only that, but in the second to last episode they show an Apollo Command Module moving in such a way that would cause any person who've played Kerbal Space Program to call BS. Sure, it has good music to go with those visuals, however it doesn't make the point as to why the music (or art, or study into the humanities) is as important as the science like the original series does. In the end, I feel the new series is style over substance. It has flashy visuals. What visuals it does have are often inaccurate, which is contrary to the point of the original series - something that still largely stands up to scientific scrutiny (at least at in its own time) albeit not necessarily historical scrutiny. And finally, I feel like it knows it's not nearly as good, and uses constant appeals to the authority of Carl Sagan from the original series to somehow justify it's existence. The original Cosmos literally changed my life. It holds a dear place in my heart. I desperate want this new series to be just as good. However, after 13 episodes I find myself disappointed 13 times. Each time I feel unsatisfied. Each time I feel wanting. I'm trying to be open and responsive to this series, and I have a sneaking suspicion I'd like this series a hell of a lot more if it wasn't named Cosmos. However, by trying to take up that torch it's simply reduced to a disappointing sequel - a Rambo 2 of science television. And even still, watching through them I just feel empty inside, so I'm not even sure if it's some nostalgic view of the original series that is causing this view. So, here's where you can CMV. I feel like my dislike of the new Cosmos series is potentially because it's trying to live up to the original. It's not cohesive, either on the individual episode level or as a series all together. It does not explain why humanities and art as just as important as scientific endeavors, though that was a subtle point in the original series. And finally, due to all the points I've listed so far, it does a poor job of explaining the current scientific views and how they pertain to our lives and our futures. If you can convince me that I'm looking at a show, which I first saw only a few years ago on Netflix, through rose tinted glasses, or that any (if not all) of the points I have presented above are fallacious, then you'll get a delta from me, and I won't just stop on one, unless a single person refutes every single thing I've mentioned in a single post. edit - Hey all. Thanks for all the posts. I posted this late last night, and was surprised to find it at the top of CMV when I woke up. I'm really enjoying the different view points, and I'm still going to keep reading them - so keep them coming! A few people have asked very good questions andor made pretty pointed arguments, and I need to step away from the topic for a little bit to mull over them. I'll be back in a bit. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!