"Movie piracy is stealing" Traditionally stealing is taking from someone so that they no longer have the stolen item. This I believe is wrong. If I had a need for a physical item I would see what was available on the market. If nothing on the market was available at a reasonable price I might consider making it for myself. Companies who manufacture are able to mass produce goods for cheaper than an individual could because they have equipment available which would be cost prohibitive for an individual to acquire. This means that usually an item can be purchased cheaper than it could be produced at home. If I needed a new computer there is no way I could manufacture one as cheaply as easily as I could buy one so I am happy to purchase one. I am not from the US but I know you have some very restrictive patent laws which aren't consistent with much of world. Most places allow patents to be infringed for personal non-commercial use. I can build a Boeing 747 in my shed for personal use but I can't burn a CD. The music industry sells CDs for a huge profit on what they actually cost to produce. Because of the huge mark-up people adopt a DIY attitude. Then rather than reduce price like another industry might, the music industry protects its sales by getting unfair laws passed forcing people to buy their product. Distributing music over the internet should be even cheaper than CD's but it is still prohibitively expensive. I just opened the iTunes store on my phone and clicked the first album, Sonic Highways. 16.99 for the album or 2.19 for a single song. The music industry has brought piracy on itself. It could have embraced the internet as a means of supplying music for a reasonable cost but it didn't. I believe if the music industry lowered the price on music to 1 per album or 0.10 per song very few people would pirate music. They would make less per download but sell much more music. It wouldn't be worth downloading crappy unorganised bits of music mixed with malware and viruses, or spend weeks trying to find something obscure. Not to mention as people left piracy and started paying for music seeders would start to disappear. I would pay for all my music, in fact I would spend more on music than I do now, most people would. I would be much more likely to spend money on music I hadn't heard before or wanted to try.