While the first amendment protects free speech, expression, religion, press, and assembly, there are some exceptions made for the sake of public safety and well being. Such examples include speech intending to incite violence, slanderlibel, threats intending to cause fear, and child pornography. These bans are quite reasonable and promote well being within society. The supreme court ruled that "obscene" content is not protected speech, and therefore illegal as "obscenity." This was a result of a hardcore pornographic studio that would mail out graphic porn ads, which deeply offended an older woman. In this case, I can understand how this is a problem. A business is distributing shocking imagery to people that do not wish to see it. Something should be done about it. The response by the supreme court, however, is inadequate at solving the problem. They ruled that obscene content is not protected speech. Speech is deemed "obscene" if it meets these 3 conditions: 1. Whether the average person, applying contemporary community standards," would find that the work, taken as a whole, appeals to the prurient interest, 2. Whether the work depicts or describes, in an offensive way, sexual conduct or excretory functions, as specifically defined by applicable state law 3. Whether the work, taken as a whole, lacks serious literary, artistic, political, or scientific value. 1.Basically means that the majority of people believe that the work is intended for sexual arousal. 2.Means that the majority believe that the work depicts sexual content in an offensive way 3.Is self explanatory. The problem with 2 and 3 is that they're subjective. For example, some people may find gay porn extremely offensive. If this number was great enough within a particular community (such as a heavily religious town), someone could, in theory, be arrested for watching gay pornography. This of course never happens, because society doesn't find it offensive enough to ban it. This leads to the next problem-people aren't actually protected from obscene material like the law intends. For example, many "shocker" porn sites aren't shut down, as they aren't offensive enough to be, as set by point 2. However, these sites are intended to provide shock content, which is exactly what obscenity intends to prevent. With 3, "literary or artistic value" is very subjective. There are some very bizarre things regarded as art, there is no standard for art-that is the very nature of it. Thus, to say something lacks artistic or literary value is a mere matter of opinion, thus leading to a mob mentality. The supreme court actually revisited this case, and ruled in a 5-4 decision that obscene speech is still illegal even if it isn't distributed to minors or non consenting individuals. So the concept of simply viewing obscene material is incriminating. Because obscenity bans content, rather than the concept of distributing shocking content without warning, only the most offensive content gets banned. This leads to the Christopher Handley case. Christopher was arrested for mail ordering comic books that contained drawings of fictional characters that appeared to be childlike in physical appearance, engaging in sexual acts. The works were entirely fictional-mere drawings, and they accounted for only a small portion of his comic book collection. A raid of his residence did not result in finding any real CP. This content led to his arrest, as it is so extremely offensive. He ended up pleading guilty, as the lawyer suggested the jury would not change the ruling, and he did not want the jury to have to see the images. This is one of the few cases in which obscenity is enforced. While the content itself was harmless, as it was pure fiction, it led to an arrest and the waste of taxpayer money. He did not try to spam it to "trigger" people, he didn't send it to children. But he was still charged with obscenity. To summarize -Obscenity laws fail to protect individuals from "triggering" content, as intended. -Obscenity laws restrict harmless freedom of expression, and lead to controversial works being censored. -Obscenity laws are unclear, and can theoretically punish someone for something as subtle as watching gay porn.