I want to join a radical environmentalist group to fight global warming, like [Tar Sands Blockade] . TSB is involved with preventing the progress of oil pipelines. Some of the ways they do this is through direct action, chaining themselves to machinery, crawling inside pipes, climbing up trees and living in trees for days on end with supplies and rations in order to prevent bulldozers from clearing the land, and general risking of arrest and injury. These methods work, and already have been successful in delaying the progress of these pipelines. Of course, there are other methods to stop global warming too. [350.org] , for example, is involved with getting businesses, universities, churches, and other organizations to divest from fossil fuel industries much like how we divested from South Africa in the 80's in effort to end apartheid. General protesting and raising awareness works too. Or campaigning for green energy and sustainable living. The point is that global warming activism is multifaceted and every possible target is being acted upon. Given that I'm a 23-year-old, athletic individual, and I have the physical ability to do the more "on the ground" activism, I should do it. Will getting arrested limit job opportunities in my future? No doubt. But I consider it selfish to think about my personal future when all of humanity is at stake. Same argument against potentially getting injured. Will these actions fuel global warming denialist propaganda? Of course it will. Fox News will be all over it. But to stand down is to appeal to deniers, and let them have their way. Will China end up getting the oil if we don't? No, that's not guaranteed. There are many of us in [British Columbia] too. To accept our disastrous fate as too great to do something about is [learned helplessness] . Given how destructive global warming will be, we must do something. Yes, we're gonna get fucked up no matter what, yet we can still control how fucked up it gets. I'd like to be less fucked up. Please help me consider another perspective. Change my view. Edit: Honestly, if there is a better method for me to put my efforts to stop global warming, I want to do it. I do not just want to do this for the sense of adventure.