I want to preface this by saying I don't think there is one "right" way to interpret anything, and that what you draw from a book before you have a chance to do research or have discussions is beautiful and valuable. I just think that dismissing the intentions and backgrounds of the creator, or even saying they are just one more interpretation, goes too far. In a discussion about a book, details about the author's other work, their background, or their stated opinions should color the reading of the book, and perhaps change the interpretation that the reader had before they gained this knowledge. As an example, I've been reading [Pervocracy's review of Fifty Shades of Grey] . The blog's author, who is a sub in the SM scene, points out a lot of ways in which the relationship in the book is abusive. I think this is a good example of where author's intention makes a difference in talking about a book. If E.L. James meant to write a book illustrating how consuming a abusive relationship can be, then that should lead to a different conversation than if she intended to write a steamy romance that shows a perfectly healthy (in her opinion) relationship that just includes some kink. Her intention makes the difference between "this is about how a victim doesn't know they are being victimized" versus "this is about how people confuse kink and abuse." Of course, I haven't read Fifty Shades, and I'm not suggesting anyone thinks it is "high literature," but this is the example that came to mind. Maybe the blog's author is reading too much into the book, but the passages they pull from it are pretty damning. Maybe a different blog would pull more healthy details from the book, but in either case I believe that what the author was thinking about when writing it should be part of the discussion. As far as I can tell, E.L. James intended to write a titillating book, and wasn't trying to make a statement about how unhealthy the relationship is. Over all, I believe the author isn't just "another reader." The rest of the world can discuss whether they accomplished their goal effectively, or whether their are passages from the work that belie their stated intentions, but dismissing or minimizing their interpretation of their own work seems very short sited and slightly petty. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!