[Here ] is the thread I'm talking about. A man was raped by an old flame. Please see the story for full details. I think he should be personally should feel somewhat to blame for the situation. I don't think he should've showed such lack of discipline towards alcohol when he knew explicitly there was an old flame who was into him. I feel like I'm in the wrong here to blame him at all. I think the answer probably has something to do with the logistics of victim-blaming and why that's wrong. I could also be convinced that the alcohol makes it not his fault. I think the root of my inability to see him as blameless comes from how similar the individual seems to myself as a male near his age. I would hold myself accountable to a degree in his situation. With that said, it's real shitty what happened to him, and the lady involved deserves 94.5 of the blame, as well as some kind of litigation if possible. I apologize for slow responses, but it is kind of late here and this is a serious topic, so I would like to try to think through my responses entirely. Please, CMV! Edit 3: sheep74 was the final straw that won me over. While I would personally blame myself in the situation, I am in no place to judge and owe him the benefit of the doubt, the same as I would with anyone else. Thanks for the good responses from everyone. sheep74 just happened to be the final response that clicked Edit: Description is gone in that other link, sorry. If anyone has it for reposting, that would be cool. I apologize if I make any inaccurate claims about the story now that it's gone. Edit2: Original text below. Thanks Shaabaaab for providing it again: "Since the original text is deleted, here's the text form the original post: Throwaway account. First of all, I am a 24 year old male, engaged to my girlfriend (now fiance) of 6 years. We are in a great place and are getting married in October. Last night I went to my best friend's birthday party. My fiance is out of town til Tuesday. I arrived around 1030pm after pre-gaming with two other friends, so when I arrived I was pretty sloshed. I remember arriving. I also remember running into a girl, we'll call Mandy, I had known in high school. We had dated briefly and she was my first blowjob back then. Anyway. We caught up and all that, and I remember her being particularly flirty. I told her I was engaged and even showed her pictures of my fiance. Then, I went about my night. I remember my best friend pulling me aside and told me that Mandy was wanting to hook up with me, and was overly flirty. I was honestly pretty oblivious of her advances. Anyway, I kept drinking. Took several shots of Southern Comfort, and eventually blacked out. The only thing I remember after that is a quick flash of me vomiting out in the back yard. But something else happened. My best friend said he walked upstairs to grab a towel, because someone had thrown up in his kitchen. When he opened the door, apparently Mandy was giving me a blowjob. I was apparently just lying there, looked like I was asleep. In his drunken state, he didn't think much of it, so he shut the door. I woke up the next morning around 7am, alone. My pants were completely off, and I still had my shirt on. I found out later from my best friend he overheard Mandy on her way out telling someone we had sex. I was completely blacked out, probably even passed out. I was definitely raped. I don't know what to tell my fiance. I'm trying to keep it under wraps. I'm afraid she won't believe I was raped. What do I do? TL;DR I was raped by an old flame at my friend's party. I have a fiance and I'm afraid of telling her in fear she won't believe me. Edit 1: Just called my fiance, told her I had something I wanted to talk to her about and not to worry. I just didn't want to pretend everything was normal til Tuesday. She is coming home early and will be back tomorrow evening. I've worried her, and now I'm even more afraid to tell her... Edit 2: Thank you everyone for your support. I'm still incredibly worried about telling my fiance. But it's gotta happen. I will post an update tomorrow night if I can. Honestly, I'm more worried about losing my love than I am hurt that it happened. I don't think I will need counseling, I'm a pretty level headed and rational person. NOT that people who do need counseling aren't! Just for me, personally, I don't think it would help much. Just a personal preference. Everybody copes differently. Edit 3: I just talk to my best friend. We both agree, it definitely appears I was raped. He says the more he think about it, the more he thought I was asleep or passed out when she was blowing me. He apologized for not stopping it, but was so drunk he just didn't think anything of it. He's willing to talk to my fiance is she needs proof. Also he is going to try and talk to Mandy soon. He's just thinking of a way to do it tactfully. I will also update with how that goes." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!