For those that missed Jennifer Lawrence's interview today. I want to focus on this quote in particular. "It is not a scandal. It is a sex crime," she tells Kashner. "It is a sexual violation. It's disgusting. The law needs to be changed, and we need to change. That's why these Web sites are responsible. Just the fact that somebody can be sexually exploited and violated, and the first thought that crosses somebody's mind is to make a profit from it. It's so beyond me. I just can't imagine being that detached from humanity. I can't imagine being that thoughtless and careless and so empty inside." I personally think that her anger is justified. She feels violated, intruded upon, and exploited by a man who did not care about her body, but I don't think that just because she shares the same feelings as someone who has suffered from a sex crime, that she gets to label herself as a sex crime victim. The argument is basically "I feel violated, rape victims feel violated, rape is a sex crime, therefore, I'm the victim of a sex crime." I think we can all plainly see that doesn't logically follow. What we have here is not a sex crime, but a technologically advanced version of a peeping tom. We don't think "wow, that guy peeking in her window raped her with his eyes." when we hear stories of a peeping tom, we think "wow, that sick guy violated her privacy and her ability to have a moments peace." I think it's important to make this distinction, not as a way to downplay what happened to Jennifer Lawrence, but to protect the definition of what rape and sex crimes are. Words like "sex crime" have such a powerful effect because of the barbaric nature of the act itself. If we allow peeping toms to be in the same category as rapists, then that just waters down the severity of what sex crimes and rape are and it's no longer about the vile act, but also about lesser actions such as peeping, then the word loses the emotional charge that Lawrence is ultimately trying to use to rally for her cause. Will the tactic of emotional hyperbole work? Probably, but there are better, more correct ways to argue your point and still have the same effect. You can say "My privacy was violated, I never feel like I can truly be alone and I deserve to have that feeling." This is compelling, draws just as much sympathy, and doesn't compare your experience to another different one. I've read a few comments on vanity fair from people saying that they were victims of sex crimes and that she has no right to compare her circumstances to theirs. I think they are right, but any views are welcome. I do have to sleep, though, so i'll probably only have time for a response or two tonight.