I'd like to start off by saying that if you've never actually been in love you don't have to comment your fake, hopeful feelings about the subject just so you can keep yourself convinced that you have been or will someday fall in love. I just find a lot of people like to say that they understand what it's like to be in love with someone but can't really answer any of the basic questions. The who, what, where's really are what I'm looking for. I can't imagine in my short life so far ever relying on anyone I've met so much so as to devote the rest of my life to them. I just want honest answers from people who really feel like they've been before. If you're married, how do you know you're still in love with that person? How did you know they were the only person for you for the rest of your life? If you love your best friend, do you think you just have a bonding friendship with the person or could you actually not see yourself with anyone else? If it's love at first sight......is it really? Or is it just instant attraction? I'm an 18 year old girl and I want to be in love someday-I really do. The thing is I can't seem to convince myself that actually being in love is a real thing. This is very strange to many people I have tried explaining this to. They don't understand how I absolutely can't believe in it after all the movies, songs. My twelfth grade english teacher tried showing me love poems, which I enjoyed, but I really couldn't see it in any of them. The only one that made me hopeful was "Scars To the new boyfriend" by Rudy Francisco. But the more I thought about it the more I wondered if he was talking about past love or the pain or being rejected. The problem I guess is that every relationship I've seen to date seems to be based on sexual attraction alone. As uncomfortable as this is to talk about, even my parents seem to only want each other from time to time, otherwise they talk about how the other is complaining too much, or how the other wont do a basic house hold task they requested weeks ago. This makes me wonder about my future. Does the fairy tale, romance novel, love song love really exist? Have you ever actually met someone and known they are the one for you. Have you ever actually felt like you couldn't possibly live without another person, or that they are the ONLY person for you and that there is not one else you could be with until you die? Every guy I've dated I've gotten so bored with that I've just moved onto someone else. I'm begging please change my view, because I want to believe I'm going to have it, I do, but it's hard when couples seem to be trying to make it look like they're still happy together instead of actually working on being happy and in love. Is it really just about sex or is it something more? And finally, if you can, describe the exact moment when you knew that you were in love with someone, how did it feel? How did you know? How did they react? Am I the only person who feels this is just a concept too difficult to grasp? I want to be convinced that I am too young to understand it. Is it possible that I'm just incapable of loving someone enough to be with them forever?