I both comments dealt with the subjectivity of heroism. Michael Moore said that his uncle was killed by a sniper in wwii and that he was raised to think of snipers as cowards that shoot people in the back. That is just his relationship to the existence of snipers. I'm sure there are many Iraqis that now hate Chris Kyle and hate snipers. Snipers have been portrayed as cowards in the past as well. The sniper scene in full metal jacket (a much better film) comes to mind, where the sniper shoots a man trying to rescue a wounded man. It is clear that snipers are a part of modern warfare but only as a necessity. I think it is valid to take a step back and question the heroism of snipers whether you agree or notim not saying Chris Kyle did killed people rescuing others but out brings up the topic of dehumanization that goes along with war. The film American sniper does a great job of honoring a noble man but it does not tackle the bigger issues of the Iraq war. The film at one point mentions that terrorists from other parts of the region are entering the country of Iraq to fight Americans. It doesn't explore the fact that Americans invaded the country based on false information about wmds. With that said Michael Moore's tweet didn't address the fact that half way through the movie Chris Kyle realizes that sniping is cowardly and joins the front line. As an aside, if there's someone from the navy seals I'd like to know if Chris Kyle's repeated disobaying of orders and abandonment of posts would be considered wrong or not. Seth Rogans tweet about the movie reminding him of the NAZI propaganda film from is not really as interesting to me because it is clearly just meant to be a funny observation that pokes fun of some likenesses to propaganda. I think people get emotional about the Iraq war because they still connect it with America being attacked on 911 even though history has proven the connection to be incorrect. This is fact at this point and this film kind of tries to make an argument for the opposite. After learning the truth America stayed in Iraq for several years in and effort to stabilize the region but now with ISIS we are seeing that we actually the region. The Iraq war was nowhere near the noble effort of defense that was world war ii but the film shows Chris Kyle sign up for the seals after seeing the US embassy be bombed in Kenya by Saudi terrorists coordinated by Osama bin Laden who was in Azerbaijan at the time. Chris Kyle was sent to Iraq to fight insurgents after America failed to find the WMDs we thought were there. Chris Kyle was noble the military was not and we need to be open to criticism of the military because if we are not than tyranny with prevail.