I must preface everything I write here by admitting that I am stating my perceptions and opinions of the issue, as well as those of individuals to whom I've spoken, not steadfast facts. I must also add that I am fully aware that as a white person, I do not fully grasp what it means to be a minority, though I do honestly try. What I write, I write from a position of compassion and frustration. In Canada, first nation's people are not required to pay taxes, are given housing on the reservations and stipends in housing outside reservations, and educational grants and programs to encourage financial stability. Moreover, programs are in place to try to overcome the ingrained alcoholism present in many reservations, as well as the domestic abuse and violence which spawns from these behaviors. This is kept largely private, and discussing the issues on the reserve is a very taboo subject in my community. Despite these assistance programs, the amount of ingratitude, lack of respect for their own homes, and gang violence seems to only increase. In my community, Ktunaxa are the predominant first nation's population, and dealing with Ktunaxa businesses is difficult in the extreme. There is open racism towards white people from them, and subtle racism from white people towards the Ktunaxa. I believe this is borne from a fundamental misunderstanding between the two cultures that is only harmed by the current system. I agree, 110, that the Canadian government should assist the first nation's people in Canada. The residential schools alone caused enough damage to warrant it. But due to this white guilt, I feel that we are not only giving money hand over first to a people ill-equipped to use it, but are causing resentment in the rest of the population who do not receive such special treatment. For instance, I believe all Canadians should pay taxes, period. If you live in this country, you are responsible for its welfare. I don't see how removing this part of Canadian citizenship helps them to be better integrated into the Canadian community. Moreover, I have had many, MANY first nation's people say directly to my face the equivilent, "Yeah fuck you white people, I'll take every dollar I get and fuck giving it back." I grew up living well below the poverty line, and I've heard this from people who lived in 3000 square foot houses with a doctor and lawyer for parents, people who have everything and appreciate none of it. Much of this is perception, but I believe that's the core of the issue. Even if the current programs are improving the lives of first nation's people, that's not what the public sees. Please, change my view. I honestly find my own opinion on this racist and woefully depressing. I've spoken to a few first nation's people on the matter, and as one would expect, their opinions are extremely varied. Thank you for hearing me out, Reddit.