The recently passed [California "campus rape bill includes the following language: (1) An affirmative consent standard in the determination of whether consent was given by both parties to sexual activity. "Affirmative consent" means affirmative, conscious, and voluntary agreement to engage in sexual activity. It is the responsibility of each person involved in the sexual activity to ensure that he or she has the affirmative consent of the other or others to engage in the sexual activity. Lack of protest or resistance does not mean consent, nor does silence mean consent. Affirmative consent must be ongoing throughout a sexual activity and can be revoked at any time. The existence of a dating relationship between the persons involved, or the fact of past sexual relations between them, should never by itself be assumed to be an indicator of consent. (2) A policy that, in the evaluation of complaints in any disciplinary process, it shall not be a valid excuse to alleged lack of affirmative consent that the accused believed that the complainant consented to the sexual activity under either of the following circumstances: (A) The accused's belief in affirmative consent arose from the intoxication or recklessness of the accused. (B) The accused did not take reasonable steps, in the circumstances known to the accused at the time, to ascertain whether the complainant affirmatively consented. (3) A policy that the standard used in determining whether the elements of the complaint against the accused have been demonstrated is the preponderance of the evidence. (4) A policy that, in the evaluation of complaints in the disciplinary process, it shall not be a valid excuse that the accused believed that the complainant affirmatively consented to the sexual activity if the accused knew or reasonably should have known that the complainant was unable to consent to the sexual activity under any of the following circumstances: (A) The complainant was asleep or unconscious. (B) The complainant was incapacitated due to the influence of drugs, alcohol, or medication, so that the complainant could not understand the fact, nature, or extent of the sexual activity. (C) The complainant was unable to communicate due to a mental or physical condition. (Note, I'm going to stick with traditional gender roles here for simplicity). So since affirmative consent must be ongoing throughout the sexual activity, and you can't just assume that silence and lack of resistance is the same as consent, the only way to be certain that you are meeting the standard is if there is some type of verbal affirmation being repeatedly stated by your partner: "Yes, keep fucking me!" "Yes, keep fucking me!" "Yes, keep fucking me!" Anything less than that, and it is possible that you are sexually assaulting the poor girl as sexual assault is defined by this bill. (Unless, of course, you are able to read your partner's mind). First off, you clearly need to obtain the initial consent under this standard. That shouldn't be too hard. Either they specifically say that they want to have sex, or they initiate sex, or their body language indicates that they are clearly receptive to your advances. But.... hold on just a second there buddy. Because before you go ahead and have some sex, you better analyze this girl's psychological history because if that alleged consent is simply due to the girl's "recklessness," then you can't rely upon it. I'm not sure how you're supposed to know that. Even if you ask "hey, you're not just being reckless here, are you?," wouldn't a reckless person answer that question recklessly? [Edit: I read that portion of the law wrong]. And then the final problem: If your partner is unable to communicate due to a "mental condition," you need to understand that they would be communicating a rescission of consent, if only they were able to. Of course they can't because of their "mental condition." So if they "get scared" - whether rationally or not - and "freeze up" and are unable to tell you to stop, you're now sexually assaulting her and you don't even know it. Heck, she may even be giving non-verbal cues to lead you to believe that the consent is ongoing. But if a "mental condition" simply means that she's doing that because "she's afraid of what might happen if she doesn't," now you're sexually assaulting her again. So change my view. Show me that there are situations that don't require either (a) consent verbal consent or (b) mind reading that a guy can be 100 certain that the girl actually wants to be engaging in the sexual activity.