I am completely on board with the idea of revamping the police force. I feel they are too quick to draw their guns and fire. I believe that we should hold police to higher standards and deliver proper indictments when the shooting was unjustified. However, I also believe that we should hold communities affected by police brutality to a higher standard as well. It is very easy to point at the cop who shot the unarmed man and blame himher for this egregious injustice. However, some of the responsibility needs to fall on these communities. The types of neighborhoods most affected by this are low-income, inner-city neighborhoods. A major reason that there is so much police presence and tension in these areas is become the crime rates are so high. People are selling drugs, dropping out of school to join gangs, fighting in the streets, waiving their guns around, etc. If these people cleaned up their streets and did the right thing the police would have no reason to harass them. I believe that making this into a race issue is the easy way out. It's a good way to make headlines and a good reason to riot. However, I think this issue runs deeper. My community has a large percentage of minorities, but we do not have any issues with police because we are law-abiding citizens. To repeat, I do not think we should have to fear the police or risk being shot for no good reason. However, part of the reason this problem even exists is because of the reputation of low-income, high-crime communities. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!