I think there is no reason why we should have different public bathrooms for different genders. Both men and women use the stalls and I see no problem if the stall next to it is used by someone of a different gender. As for the urinals, I think with partitioning walls between the urinals, that prevent any accidental side glances onto anyones exposed genitalia, there is no reason why a woman shouldn't see the fully clothed back of a man while he's peeing. Not dividing bathrooms would be slightly more practical in regards to room and plumbing and it would benefit transgender people. Also it might help us all to get less weird about the opposite gender and their bodily functions, if we shared a bathroom. Although my main point is not, that the non-dividing would be tremendously useful, I just think there really is no good reason to divide bathrooms by gender. Alright, I'm ready to have my view changed! Edit: What I've learned so far: 1. I come from a pretty privileged point of view when it comes to sexual harassment of any kind. This leads me to believe that a neutral bathroom would be fine. Apparently the experience of people (mainly women) in other parts of the world is vastly different, so it probably wouldn't be fine there. 2. US bathroom stalls are parted by very small walls, while bathroom stalls where I live are often parted by full size walls reaching to the ceiling and floor, so any kind of peeping over the stall wall would be much less of a problem around here. 3. I need to work on my use of sex and gender. In my language they are both the same word, we don't have that difference, so I mess them up a lot. I will work on that. 4. People are surprisingly passionate about who they share a bathroom with. 5. People are irrationally afraid of hearing women poop. Get a grip, women have bowel movements too! People are also irrationally afraid of someone hearing them poop. Get over it, everybody shits. So, view changed? Kind of. I recognize that my experience is not universal and that it would be a much bigger problem in other places. I still think that unisex bathrooms would work fine around here and I heard many examples where they do work fine. But in other parts of the world, where the real andor the perceived danger of sexual harassment is higher it is different. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!