As a person of above average height, I often find I have trouble in many airliner configurations with the amount of space available. Many times, my legs end up pressed right up against the seat in front of me. This is uncomfortable for me, as it often hurts, forces me to arrange my legs in strange ways to actually be able to sit comfortably and often even prevents me from lowering the tray table fully. It is also uncomfortable for other people, as the person in front of me usually cannot recline their seat and has to deal with my knees in their back, and the persons next to me often have to put up with my feet in their footwell as they cannot fit anywhere else. It can also be dangerous; if I am wedged in a seat (as I often am) I am less able to move freely in case of evacuation and could also block other people in my row. My height is not a disability, nor an abnormality. I am able to lead a completely normal life and have no difficulties or hindrances in almost any other walk of life. It is also something I have absolutely no control over and something that cannot be changed. As such, it is my view that where available on airliners, I should be able to access seats with extra legroom at no extra cost. In many airlines, it is the case that one can purchase seats with extra legroom and no other change or increase in service. In these cases, I think tall people should be offered these seats without having to pay the extra charge. Of course, tall people can waive their right to these seats if they want to make sure they sit next to their travelling companions, but the offer should be made. I don't mind how airlines decide how to implement this; whether by visual inspection when you check in, requiring you to be measured (I wouldn't mind having my height measured to be able to fly in minimum comfort) when allocating seats, or any other method. However, I think that the desires of those who pay for extra leg room should not outweigh the need of tall people to fit in their seat and that as long as someone is over a certain height (which the airline could determine based on their knowledge of their seating arrangements) they should be offered a chance to sit somewhere with enough space for them without any extra cost. At the very least, I think emergency (and even bulkhead) row seats should not be sold at an extra premium and should be reserved for tall people. If there are no tall (by the airlines definition) passengers, then they could be allocated to anyone who is lucky enough. If an airline wishes to make profit of extra leg room seats, they should install seats with extra leg room and should no be allowed to make their profit at the expense of people who literally cannot help how tall they are. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!