Okay, so let me start off by saying that I have many friends with tattoos. I've seen a lot of tattoos on people, and a lot of times, people proudly display their tattoos. Rarely have I met someone who hides a tattoo or is shameful of one. So, obviously there's got to be a disconnect there, right? I've been told all my life that tattoos are simply bad ideas, yet no one seems to regret their choice. Personally, I'm trans, so I'm used to the idea of body modification, but for some reason, I can't seem to reconcile how tattoos fall under that umbrella. Anyway, my view is simply that tattoos are just not a good idea. Sure, they can hold serious symbolic meaning or importance to people, but a lot of the time, these meanings will fade away with time. I know many people who went on a "life-changing" retreat who got tattoos of the symbol that's generally used on the retreat, but most of those people severely regretted their decision a few years later. The symbol held no meaning to their current life, and even though it was applicable when they got it, the feeling fizzled out after a few years. Inversely, get a tattoo of something that has little meaning, and it'd be cool for a year, maybe. But eventually, it would lose its luster. It wouldn't be cool anymore, it would just be that awkward tattoo of the triforce you decided to get inked on your shoulder. There's always the problem of landing a decent job with ink on you. I figure it depends on the places, but generally speaking, most places that would hire people with tattoos are either elusively art-oriented or service level jobs. Not that I'm personally shooting for the stars here, but I feel like that's something to consider. I do hear a lot that tattoos tend to become less artistic and more tacky with age, and that most tattoos won't age well at all. I feel like this depends on the person, but I think as a general rule it's important to consider. And lastly, if you do regret your decision, they're difficult to remove, if not impossible considering the color of the ink. Again, I've heard it's possible, but extremely painful and not recommended most of the time. Well, Reddit, do your thing. Change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!