Team: cooperatively functioning group: a number of people organized to function cooperatively as a group Teamspeak: words or phrases using 'team' or provoking team mentality In most cases, employees will apply to many different companies and, possibly, many different industries. An employee who gets accepted at MCDonalds would often be similarly happy working at any other restaurant including restaurants that directly compete with MCDonalds. An employee at MCDonalds would often happily leave MCDonalds to work at KFC if they were offered a substantial pay raise. They would leave even if it dramatically hurt their MCDonalds 'team'. The 'team' means much less than the employee's pay. Employers, who are often employees themselves, behave similarly. This shows that being part of the 'team' is, in most cases, less important than pay. The payment part of the employeeemployer deal is antagnostic. Employees generally want more. Employers generally want to give less. Employees mainly work for payment so the entire employeeemployer environment is built on this competition between supposed teammates. Employers will generally not keep an employee that makes them less money than some other employee or method even if the employee is well-liked andor would be substantially harmed by losing the job. This, once again, shows that the power of the 'team' bond is significantly less than the power of money. For those reasons, I believe employers and employees are not members of the same team. The bonds of the deal are too easily discarded and the interests of the members too divergent. Next, how teamspeak is used to manipulate employees: 'Teamspeak' is often used to motivate employees instead of other, tangible benefits. Pay raises could be used as motivation, as could additional benefits, vacation time, etc. but these are costly to employers. However, provoking shame and embarassment through the idea that the employee is letting their 'team' (or, occassionally, 'family down, is free. Employees generally care about letting down their fellow employees and employers use that worry to increase productivity and make themselves more money. "You're letting down the team" works better for employers than, "You're not making me enough money" so they use that even if the employees actions do no harm to their fellow employees. Also, using 'letting down the team' instills fear that the employee may be fired, which will motivate the employee to do more without the employer giving more or seeming like the bad guy. This causes the employee to stop wondering about what they deserve or how they're treated out of fear of unemployment. What happens when the employee starts to use teamspeak? So, for example, Wal-Mart will provoke teamspeak but ignore or dissuade teamspeak coming from their employees. If Wal-Mart employees want to form a union to benefit their team members, Wal-Mart will take action against it. Wal-Mart will claim that unions don't benefit the team even as vast numbers of the people on the team ask for it. Employers are unaffected by teamspeak from employees. In my opinion, employees and employers are not a team and teamspeak should be replaced with plain speak: "I employ you because it makes me money and I'll stop when that is no longer the case or I find someone better" "I work for you because you pay me and I'll stop when that is no longer the case or I find someone who pays me more." This sounds harsher but is an adult way of doing business that doesn't deceive or manipulate.