Context This is a belief I've held since I transferred to and graduated from a liberal arts college that didn't have grades, after coming from a previous college (and of course a primary education system) which had them. For context, I live in the States, graduated from The Evergreen State College, and am a successful web developer and theatre artist (with consideration to the fact that I am early career). While I do not believe that my particular college is for everyone, and while I understand that there are many factors that influenced the difference in the educational environment at my college other than the lack of grades, it has given me a unique perspective on grades that I don't believe that many people have. I have had this conversation with many people, and nearly every single person, even including many people who have come out of other gradeless colleges, disagree with me. Although I'm open to changing my view, it hasn't been changed yet, mostly because the conversation is such a huge one and because I have already considered so many facets of the problem that we spend a significant amount of time running through a list of FAQs that are always repeated (which I have got very good at responding to) before they lose interest in the topic and I let them change the conversation onto other topics. Of the half-dozen or so doubters that I've talked to at length about gradeless education, I've only been able to convince one of them, partly, I believe, because he was trapped in a car with me for 5 hours and we were both actually invested in having a real conversation - one in which we truly investigate ideas instead of defending them and in which we are both open to changing our minds conditional on the discovery of new and interesting ideas. I believe that all of your top-level comments will include these FAQs which I have responded to frequently and the real meat of the conversation while lie deeper in the comment threads. This is a model which has been functional in other liberal arts colleges, which have produced great artists and thinkers such as Matt Groening and Steve Jobs. "Quantity vs. Quality" My argument is that, although there is nothing necessarily inherently wrong with grading an individual's work, that the standardization of grading across hundreds of schools does far more damage to education than it does assistance. This argument is similar to the one which says that standardized tests cause damage to the education system. I believe that grades may be helpful in certain instances, in certain classrooms, yet that we should not use them as a standard upon which to judge teachers, schools, districts, nations, or as the primary means of judging an individual's education or comprehension. The biggest problem with standardized grading is it shifts the focus of education from quality to quantity. Schools receive funding; teachers and administrators are hired and fired; and students are admitted into colleges based off of a quantification of their education, without consideration to the quality of their education. These concepts of quality and quantity are central to my understanding of our education system, so let me clarify what I mean when I use them. These ideas come from concepts discussed in "Zen and the the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance." The idea is that quality is elusive. You might find certain criteria for what makes something quality, but whenever you attempt to construct a model for quality it will always be missing something. This is most obvious in the arts where almost nothing can be objectively measured as good art or not good art. Yet this idea is still present even in the sciences. Take "genius" for example. We might consider Einstein one of the most quality scientists to ever live, yet what were the components that made him a quality scientist? It is hard to describe the way in which he must have thought about science in any terms that are measurable, yet we still understand that he is a quality scientist, and we even understand, to a degree, some of the things that make him a quality scientist. For example, Einstein could think "outside of the box." We understand this. Yet, we can't yet measure a person's ability to think outside of the box. A key tenant to understanding the idea of quantity and quality is that, although quality is immeasurable, it is still teachable. This is one reason that the proteges of great artists, artisans, scientists, businesspeople, etc, often become successful themselves. Quality, although immeasurable, is still comprehendible and it is still teachable. The Effects of Quantifying Education I don't think there is anything inherently wrong with making decisions based off of quantification. The issue arrises in that not everything that is important in education is quantifiable. In fact, I would argue that the most important things about education are not quantifiable, and that when you shift the focus to quantity you necessarily must sacrifice quality. Arguably, the most quantifiable field of education is mathematics - the "purest" of the sciences. You are either right or you are wrong when you are performing math; whether you are applying a formula to solve a problem or writing a proof. Especially at the high school level, math is purely quantifiable. The sciences are the next discipline down the ladder of quantification. Most everything a scientist does can be justifiably judged by it's quantifiable properties. Yet most every other discipline, whether its the arts, world history, social studies, or english, is realistically judged on a scale of quality rather than quantity. A writer does not become a best seller based off of his word count, his grammar, or his vocabulary. The quality of a piece of writing is judged by much more indefinable criteria. Perform a word count on every literary review written and find out which adjectives and nouns are used most often to discuss the greatness or weakness of the writing and I'm guessing that you would find that these components are not easily objectively measurable. Yet, instead of focusing on these immeasurable, but certainly teachable, components, we instead focus on the components that are easiest to measure because they will determine whether or not a teacher will be disciplined by the administration because of their students' less-than-average grades. Arts Education Funding Since grades are the standard upon which we judge schools, the most quantifiable disciplines become the disciplines which we look at when we compare schools to each other. You wouldn't compare two schools based off of the average Drama class grades, because grades don't necessarily reflect a student's dramatic ability, but you certainly would compare the schools based off of their average Algebra grades. Similarly, when you apply to a competitive undergraduate math program, they look closely at your math grades, while if you apply to a competitive theatre program, they ask you to audition or bring your design or technical portfolios because they know your grades are largely meaningless. Because the science and math disciplines are the most quantifiable, they receive the most funding from the local and national government in order to inflate the perception of the quality of education. It makes it a necessity for policy makers on every level and for school administrators to prioritize sciences above other disciplines because this is the standard upon which they will be hired or reelected. Arts programs are always the first to be cut when schools must cut programs. This is not a decision motivated by the value of arts on the quality of a students life, or on the economic impact of the arts in our country. Here's [a great study on the economic impact of the arts] . Also consider that the second largest export of the nation with the highest GDP (the US) is entertainment (Film, Television, Etc). Local school administrators are certainly not thinking about the national economy when they decide to cut the arts out of their schools. Neither, I believe, are they considering the impact on the quality of life of their students. The simplest answer is that school administrators are considering the funding of their school and their ability to retain their jobs by giving priority to the quantifiable elements of education. However, even the math and science disciplines themselves suffer when the focus is on quantity and not quality. We are taught to memorize and apply formulas as efficiently as possible in order to raise our schools' test scores, yet only the weirdest and most experimental math teachers challenge us to attempt to develop our own formulas, or to engage us in solving math problems in ways that foster critical thinking. Math teachers like [Dan Meyer] who struggle to create a curriculum of math education that focuses on quality instead of quantity, within the strict confines of the mandatory math curriculum, are a rarity for a reason. Conclusion By removing standardized grades we give school systems the flexibility to develop systems which fit their community and the needs of their students. Removing standardized grades from education is a systemic solution for a systemic problem. Obviously, removing grades from our education system would leave a lot of questions to be answered about what will replace the grading system. I'm not arrogant enough to believe that I can come up on my own with a complete model to replace standardized grading, although I can provide multiple possible solutions to some of these FAQs, often using real-world examples of how gradeless schools have successfully tackled these problems. Convince me that it is better to have a system with grades.