Yes, I know I didn't capitalize it in the title. I refuse to do so. I refuse to give this "community" even that tiny recognition. I am not saying that deaf people meeting and discussing their common obstacle is stupid and dangerous. I am saying that the extent to which they have extrapolated that concept is stupid and dangerous. I'll take my bones to pick from the [Wikipedia article] . Here's the stupid: "Members of the deaf community tend to view deafness as a difference in human experience rather than a disability...Deafness is not generally considered a condition that needs to be fixed." This is flat-out denial. If the majority of the members of a group (in this case, [95] source] have a given ability, and that ability is useful, then those members who do not have that ability are at a disadvantage. They would gain an advantage if it were fixed. Since deafness is by no means normal (95 again), it cannot be considered a difference in human experience. And if you don't have a handicap, I don't need to make any special accommodation for you. And here's the dangerous: "The use of a sign language is central to deaf cultural identity. Oralist approaches to educating deaf children thereby pose a threat to the continued existence of deaf culture. Some members of deaf communities may also oppose technological innovations like cochlear implants for the same reason." Oh, this one really grinds my gears. It ties into the previous point about the denial of the culture, but it brings up another problem: deaf culture is a victim mentality. They're so in denial that there's something wrong with them, they want to be the oppressed members of society so bad, that they'll even drag children into their warped little circle and try to refuse them help. Don't force your views on a child whom you didn't raise. I think [this father] 's rant accurately expresses my opinion here in much greater detail. To make a long story short, deaf culture endangers the well-being of these children by trying to deny them helpful treatments for their hearing. TL;DR deaf culture is stupid for saying that deafness isn't a disability and dangerous for trying to drag children into that stupid mentality. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!