Friends are always annoyed at my cynicism about political issues, so after an argument about Ukraine I tried reading some philosophy to justify justice. Didn't like Kant for whatever reason, Mill didn't argue for justice, only linked it to his philosophy, and while reading Plato's Republic came across a guy I liked, Thrasymachus. He was against a concept of justice as anything other than the right of the strong. Anyway, the argument was about whether it was right for Russia to annex Crimea, and meandered over to justice. After thinking about it for a bit I came to the conclusion that justice is meaningless. CMV, here's my argument. So we humans have this thing we call 'justice,' and it's usually accompanied by 'fairness' or 'equality,' what with the whole "justice is blind" thing. But justice, or at least our implementation of it, doesn't click in my head for a few reasons. First and foremost is its inconsistency, in that we've made tons of exceptions both on the books and off. Second is a perceived relativity inherent to it. Third is my cynical view on human nature, which might be a separate topic but intersects justice. So we've made our elaborate society, and founded some form of 'justice' and 'law' on the premises that humans are equal before the law, that our laws apply whether you want them to or not (like laws of physics), and that punishments are proportional to the crime. But then we put exceptions in everything and have a million laws that we need specialists to sort through. Sure, you could say that all these are fair when you add them all up, but even in practice, the people responsible for implementing practices that crashed the US economy and caused huge amounts of damage to countless lives get less punishment than a bank robber. The bank robber is more viscerally violent in nature, but ultimately hurt fewer people. He 'deserves' less punishment. This could be fixed by tweaking numbers, yes, or by saying that violence actually is worse than economic crimes, contrary to my claim. Either of these options doesn't actually address the nonsensical nature of exceptions like 'stand your ground' to 'don't kill.' We grade killings based on their circumstances, the better to punish accordingly, but it all gets thrown out the window if you're, for example, Trayvon Martin or Jordan Miles. If you'll forgive the loaded examples, we treat people of different races differently. Cases like these make the practical application of justice impossible to believe in. Maybe this niggling is a problem with the law but not with justice itself. But how can justice exist without some way of enforcement or arbitration? The law system is required to support justice. If justice is a high-minded ideal without any real power, then it is meaningless in the real world without practical laws. Then 'justice,' as tied to the law as it is, only has as much value and correctness as the law. Suppose we compared our justice with that of the ca. American South. It's 'just' to return a man his property, a slave. After all, he owns this manthing! We, or an abolitionist, would heartily disagree, saying that you can't own a human being and that humans are equal. But they could argue that black people simply aren't human. Or something. I'm not a ca American Southerner. As long as you hedge your words and define your terms, you can 'justify' a lot of things we call crap. How is this relativity 'just' or universal? How is this 'justice' 'equal?' According to the Wikipedia article, the satisfaction of 'justice' fulfills a basic need like food does for rats. However, I feel that this 'justice' trigger is essentially a 'vindication' trigger: "Gosh we sure showed that rapscallion!" But whoever was vindicated is simply satisfied we came out on top. Very few who lose a court case think "I am so glad it came out that I was in the wrong" or "Happy I got a fair trial." They think "I'll get you and your meddling dog too!" or "She sure looked older!" So justice and fairness clearly isn't a human need, at least to me. People are more base than thinking about the high ideal of justice. Anyway, there's my bit. Awfully dreary, but like I said, all the old philosophers didn't help and I didn't see 'justice' specifically on the wiki. CMV please. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!