Napoleon, Caesar Augustus, Genghis Khan, Alexander the Great, Attila the Hun. What kinds of thoughts do these names conjure? Adolf Hitler. What kinds of thoughts now? I'd wager to guess that your opinion of the first group is significantly more positive that your opinion of Hitler. My question is: why should it be? In my experience, the members of the first group are generally remembered and studied as great men and conquerors. Emphasis is placed on their accomplishments. Their names are spoken with some amount of awe or reverence. If I were to tell you I am a direct descendent of Genghis Khan or Alexander the Great, you might think that is kind of badass. Hitler, on the other hand is viewed as the embodiment of evil. His first name, his last name, his moustache, as well as the swastika and Roman salute have all been tainted by association with him. An announcement that I am the direct descendant of Hitler would likely be met with pity, or even fear. In my experience, discussions of Hitler emphasize his atrocities while belittling his accomplishments. He is portrayed as an insane, bumbling, weirdo politician. I'm not trying to argue that Hitler was a great guy- obviously he committed many atrocities. But the other names I listed undoubtedly committed numerous atrocities during their conquests. And I would say Hitler's accomplishments rank in the upper tier of conquerors. He managed to gain control of a country and conquered most of Europe. Though not necessarily an honorable goal, he was pretty successful in exterminating Jews. All great conquerors did terrible things on their paths of conquest. Other conquerors are revered while Hitler is vilified. That is why I think Hitler's legacy is treated unfairly. You can change my view in two different ways. Either argue that Hitler is NOT treated differently from other conquerors; or argue that Hitler SHOULD be treated differently from other conquerors. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!