I was homeschooled K-12, and strongly believe that, done right, home schooling provides a better experience than most mainstream learning environments. I believe that opposition to this viewpoint is mainly driven by the educational establishment (which has a vested interest in dismissing homeschooling), and by a mainstream culture that a) has difficulty accepting something so unusual and b) is typically presented with only the crazy "fringe" of homeschooling. Before I present my reasons for believing this, I want to throw out a few caveats: 1) Homeschooling can certainly go wrong, and is a more variable experience. Individual homeschoolers (particularly whose parents have a purely religious reason for homeschooling) will have poor outcomes. 2) While ideal, homeschooling is simply not possible for most families, as it requires significant parental involvement and would be next to impossible to conduct without at least one parent staying home. A note on empirical data Before we begin, there is very little empirical data to support the idea that homeschooling produces any sort of negative outcome, and [most opposition is based on the view that the state, rather than parents, should shape a child's education and ideals] . Until the last 5-10 years, most empirical research that was produced was [either small scale, or funded by homeschooling advocates.] However, as article notes, that's primarily been driven by the fact that educational institutions (which fund almost all educational research) have very little incentive to fund research into a method of education they cannot provide, and therefore have not while the smaller scale studies have, despite their funding, been generally rigorous and controlled. Academic Achievement Home schooling lets the teacher focus on the individual student's strengths and weaknesses, tailor their curriculum specifically, move rapidly through the things they pick up quickly, spend more time on the things they pick up slowly, and deeply explore what the student finds interesting. Frankly, for me, college was a startlingly boring experience because if I understood the material as a child, I could take a test, get an A, and skip forward to something else. The ability to focus on what interests you makes you like learning as a child, and not understand why anyone would not and that produces students who are curious for life. Looking at the research, home schooled students unanimously have better educational outcomes 1] , [2] ,[3] , and while the homeschooled is more likely to be white and middle class, race and income had no statistical effect on their outcomes the only school environment in which they do not. [1] ,[2] . Parents who homeschool for religious reasons [do have poorer outcomes] than those who do so for academic reasons, but the [majority do it for academic reasons, and religion is declining as a reason to homeschool] . But what about socialization? This question is posed to me in every conversation, and seems to assert that the only way to interact with peers in a class setting. In fact, most homeschooled students [regularly engage with peers and adults outside the home] , as there are a massive amount of extracurricular activites and coop classes available to homeschoolers and [most home schoolers engage frequently with their peers and adults outside the home.] In fact, the key difference is that homeschooled children have more agency in who they interact with, and more responsibility to act 'grown up'; all of your friendships are voluntary and you can leave any peer group you find toxic or that bullies you, leading to higher quality friendships and better relationships with their parents and other adults. They are happy, optimistic, and satisfied with their lives. Their moral reasoning is at least as advanced as that of other children, and they may be more likely to act unselfishly. As adolescents, they have a strong sense of social responsibility and exhibit less emotional turmoil and problem behaviors than their peers. Those who go on to college are socially involved and open to new experiences. Adults who were homeschooled as children are civically engaged and functioning competently in every way measured so far. . [Second source] [Third Source] In fact, home schooled college students [experience lower rates of depression, similar self esteem, and higher academic success than their traditionally schooled peers.] Aren't homeschoolers weird? Yes, a bit. I tend to think that, in the absence of an environment that constantly enforces stereotypes, homeschoolers tend to be less sterotypical; often, we are pretty nerdy, because there's no group of "cool kids" that we want to be like so if we like trains, we're going to learn all about some goddamn trains. But fundamentally, that's good. You can learn to look cool in college, when you're not a needy teenager and you realize how fundamentally unimportant it is. Not everyone can homeschool, and not everyone should. I'm NOT advocating that every parent homeschool; only those who can afford to invest the time it requires, and who are willing to take the significant financial impact of losing one parent's income. Likewise, I'm NOT advocating that there be no regulation of homeschooling; I've got no issue with requiring standardized testing to ensure that students are learning, and I've got no issue with requiring periodic medical tests to ensure students are healthy. What I DO have an issue with is governmental control of the curriculum if it produces good results (healthy knowledge, reading ability, mathematical skills, etc), then the more variation we have in educational styles, the better. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!