You will have to excuse my callousness on some of these examples. I am trying to look at the issues logically and not passionately. I am talking about things like the new "glutton free" trends or the panic over peanut allergies VS. the obesity epidemic or vehicle related deaths. We know that more people will die from being overweight than from allergies, but there is more media and social attention spent on things that, in reality, only matter to a very small portion of society while we all but ignore the ugly truths that have an impact on far more people. To further the example: From the numbers I have found, maybe 150-200 individuals in the nation this year will die from an allergic reactions to food. This includes ALL allergic reactions to ALL age ranges. However, children are not allowed to bring anything containing peanuts to school out of some paranoia that a child might come into contact and die from anaphylaxis. Statistically, a child has an equal probability of being killed in a bus accident as dying from a peanut butter sandwich, yet there has been no national campaign to end buses or really change them at all. Here is a bigger issue: We know more people died as a result of smoking, driving, over eating, and gun related injuries than from any domestic terrorist action annually (even in 2001), so why have we spent trillions to "keep America safe" on something that has only had an effect on so few? If we had spent the same amount of money on any of these other issues we likely would have lowered the preventable deaths in this country significantly. There are big issues out there, and they do get attention. However, there are also a lot of trumped up issues that are statistically less of a problem than their supporters would have you believe. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!