I believe that most of her examples of irony are instances of situational and cosmic irony. Rain on a wedding day would be an example of situational irony because many women plan their weddings meticulously and have an expectation of control. Morisette is accessing the culturally shared vision of the woman who has been planning a wedding since she was a little girl. The rain shows what little control we actually have and exposes how our expectations do not meet reality. The guy who is in the plane crash says "well isn't this nice" (verbal irony). Also he has a reasonable expectation that his plane would not crash because that is a very rare occurrence, and it is the first plane trip he ever went on, but it crashed creating a mismatch between expectation and reality (situational irony). I suppose the man expected the plane to crash because of his fear of flying, so it is not ironic for him, but the characters around the man probably expected that he would end up somewhere safe. A traffic jam when you are already late is not very ironic I guess. 10,000 spoons when all you need is a knife creates the image of a person going through a collection of flatware thinking that eventually there will be a knife. the expectation that a huge collection of flatware would have more than just spoons seems reasonable, but that expectation is challenged by reality (situational irony). The free ride when you have already paid is also ironic because winning anything beats the expectation of not winning already expressed by the character's buying of one ride (situational irony). Meeting the man of your dreams accesses a shared and unrealistic (but nonetheless present) movie magic fantasy of falling in love. This expectation is immediately crushed when you meet his beautiful wife. This is cosmic or situational irony. The idea that you are an important part of the universe and you have a fate or destiny that is significant is pervasive. When the universe torpedoes that expected reality, you have cosmic irony. The most common rebuttal I am familiar with is that her examples are more about bad timing or bad luck. To that I say that there are many instances of bad timing or bad luck that create ironic situations. Irony, timing, and luck are not mutually exclusive factors in any described event. A less common rebuttal I hear is that I am seeing more than what is there. According to this argument, irony must be tacky and cranked up to eleven. I disagree. Subtle irony is irony too. Also literary analysis through describing imagery is acceptable in both prose and poetry. I feel that Morissette was unfairly criticized because of her gender, age, and medium (pop music). The final rebuttal I am familiar with is that Morissette agreed with many of these criticisms and defended herself by admitting that she did not understand irony that well. Her admission needs to be taken into context. It was made after many intellectuals tore her song a new one. She was very smart to not double-down in the face of such criticism.