Science Fiction seems like such a waste of time to read. Not only does it seem like a dreamer's dribble but I get nothing from it. This brings me to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. What and why is this the book to read!?! I suppose the entertainment value is there but when I read something I want to take something from it and if it isn't a science fiction movie I find it very difficult to push through until the end. I enjoy Star Wars, Star Trek, Carl Sagan and the bunch.. but I feel as though reading this book is on the bottom of my to read list. It seems to be an important read of today's age but what separates this book from the rest of the Sci Fi genre? When you look at book lists and suggestions Hitchhiker's is always near the top. When mentioned on reddit (or anywhere for that matter) everyone goes crazy over it. I just don't see why.. besides the sci fi star trekstar wars feel to it which I know a lot of people like what separates this from them? I like to read Vonnegut, Chuck Klosterman, Malcolm Gladwell, Ayn Rand, George Orwell, anything by Hunter S. Thompson, Jack Kerouac, financial books, self improvement books.. etc.. perhaps my imagination is stunted. Haha, but I'd like to think not. I don't read a lot of Sci Fi. Actually, I don't think I own one SciFi book. A lot of what I read is non fiction. I own very few novels and have a hard time reading things that won't further my own personal knowledge in some way. Don't get me wrong, the novels and fiction I do have are great but I read a lot of books that make you think, ask questions.. will Hitchhiker's do that? I respect the large fan base the book has but is it really that good? Life changing? Am I doing myself an injustice by not partaking in the worldly Hitchhiker's discussion? Why has it grown such a large loyal fan base? Are there a lot of life references from the book that I currently don't get because of not reading it? Is their a moral to the story that I am unaware of? (without ruining the plot for me) Is it something I should read to my future children? Would their lives be incomplete without knowing it? I feel as though I am out of the loop in the realm of Sci Fi without having this book in my books I've read list but it seems to be so hard to pick up. I will eventually take the time to get it and read but I need that extra push as to why. Well.. I believe I have stated all that I need to... is it worth my time? and why? Also, why I write this I am in the middle of Ayn Rand's Atlas Shrugged, haha. Good read so far. Thanks for reading this, I hope it stirs up a good debate that convinces me to go read the Hitchhiker's Guide. 500 words? Holy fack, I just wanted different view points on the book. Not write a book myself. This is a silly rule that probably holds back a lot of good CMV submissions. EDIT: I truly do love Sci Fi, I just wanted to try this sub out and I read something about Hitchhiker's this morning and thought I would stand for the opposite of that book. I plan on reading it.:D