I have a close friend who is a staunch Marxist. He regularly does talks at our local Marxist society, studies Marxist literature, and seems to genuinely believe in the prospect of some kind of socialist revolution. I admire his fervour and his commitment to his beliefs, but can't help but feel that he's living in a dreamland. I am politically left leaning and believe that the rampant capitalism of the modern world is ugly and exploitative. However, I feel that hardline Marxism and the prospect of a socialist revolution is so unrealistic that trying to push for such a utopia is naive and ultimately pointless. Political apathy and materialism are so prevalent amongst the masses that even grasping the basics of Marxism is beyond most people. On top of that, if you take into account the bastardised, reductive portrayal of communism in the modern media, I think the average joe would be positively disgusted and frightened at the prospect of a Marxist society. Therefore, I think that trying to push for it is a waste of time, and Marxists would be better off being realistic and pushing for a more plausible change rather than fantasising about revolution. I am from England and perhaps my view is affected by the laughably meager support for Marxistfar left parties in modern Britain. However, I am aware that this is not the case in other parts of the world and that in certain countries Marxist parties have genuine political representation. Also, my understanding of Marxism is relatively basic- I've read the Communist Manifesto, and a few essays, but have never studied political philosophy, so please feel free to educate me andor correct any reductive assumptions I may have made. I feel that perhaps my view is overly defeatist- if you believe something is for the best of society maybe you should fight for it even if it is unrealistic- but when my friend argues that reform and half measures are pointless and that there has to be a worldwide socialist movement or nothing, I just dont buy it. CMV.