I spend so much time on the internet and it seems like everywhere I go people are being complete fucking idiots. I'm always hearing stories about how people threaten to rape and kill people on twitter and telling people to kill themselves purely based on them having a different opinion than them, I see it all the time on forums and stuff too and it's often up voted by people. It's also the little things that get to me, like in an online game I play it's usually considered polite to say "good luck have fun" at the beggining of the game and "good game" at the end, which I always do since I try to be a nice person but it seems like 70 of the time people don't do this and often tell me to kill myself and other things instead. Plus if you look at the most subscribed youtube channels pretty much all of them are filled with some of the most stupid immature rubbish but it still gets millions of views. I don't see people acting like this that often in real life but that's the thing, people can act however they want to online since they're anonymous, lots of people act like how I've been talking about while I try to be a nice person, because why wouldn't I? I really hate making other people feel especially for no reason. I try very hard to be a nice person which I guess is both my biggest strength and weakness. I've often tried to be generous with buying things for people, like steam games or just letting them keep any money they owe me etc, but it seems like people often take advantage of that. One time I decided to give someone a game on steam since they got a new pc (just as a friendly gesture) but they never gave me anything back (that wasn't the reason I gave them something, I just feel like I would of done if I was them) they just kept asking me If I had anymore games for them and then unfriended me when I didn't give them any Also when I was at school there was a very sweet boy with adhd, people used to be really mean to him and do things like hide his clothes and spray deodorant in his face, I just don't get it. how can people act like that? A few months ago a popular youtube games critic made a vlog saying that he had got cancer, the point of the video was saying that he made a stupid mistake, didn't get himself checked when he was having problems and didn't want other people to make the same mistake. I found tons of posts and comments (often upvoted ones) pretty much laughing at him and saying that "it was karma" because one got angry when someone was harassing him and his family online. He know people would act like this and he was most likely very embarrassed by it but he wanted to do something selfless, he was worse of for making that video and the people laughing at him were enjoying laughing at him. The worst part to me is that it seems like the people who try to be nice often get screwed over and the opposite happens to the idiots. I try to convince myself it's just the vocal minority but judging by how often I see people acting like this then I struggle to believe it, especially with my point about the popular youtube channels. It may not sound like much and I probably sound pretty arrogant when I say it but I have to be honest and things build up a lot I guess. basically it seems like it's the majority, or atleast very close that seem to act like this now and not just the vocal minority. sorry about the poor wording in some of this, I'm not used to writing anything longer than a comment. Edit: it's not also just in the first world, you look at way ISIS and several other places treats people, it's unbelievable. same applies to how some people can treat animals without caring at all, the amount of animal cruelty that goes on, especially in places like china makes be angry beyond belief, and how most people don't seem to care about it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!