I think we might need to institute a new criminal law called "Violation of the Public Trust" where a representative of the legal system can be charged with the additional crime of violating the trust and responsibility the public and the law itself expects from such officials by acting beyond the bounds of their legitimate authority. This would allow specific criminal charges in addition to the already available civil penalties a citizen might seek in compensation for false arrest, assault or death resulting from inappropriate police behavior. A conviction might allow or obligate a judge to increase the prison sentence or add community service for an offender. This criminal charge would bring such cases before an actual jury of citizens and allow them to review the evidence for themselves rather than having a single judge make a unilateral decision or a biased "internal review board" clear the cop behind closed doors. We need these cases heard in open court and subject to public scrutiny via the media. The current secrecy and "brotherhood" slap-on-the-wrist penalties do nothing to protect the public or achieve justice for the victims of police lies and brutality. Currently, police are allowed more lee-way to use force under the assumption that they are acting in the public good. Even when this act is later shown to be improper, it is assumed they were acting in "good faith" and thus not subject to penalty. Either citizens must equally be assumed to have acted in "good faith" in use of force against police and not subject to prosecution, or cops must be equally subject to criminal penaly when they overstep, regardless of whether they believed they were doing the right thing. Edit: although my view has not technically changed, some clarification is in order. I have asserted that there should be a law that specifically punishes "abuse of authority" and several respondents have said this already exists. I have called this "Violation of the Public Trust," but the existing law is [Section 242 of Title 18 - DEPRIVATION OF RIGHTS UNDER COLOR OF LAW] . This law should, and does, exist, but it may not go far enough nor include the full range of what the average person might consider an "abuse" of police power. Additionally, it appears that this law is under-used by timid prosecutors afraid of losing their political appointment and angering the police who can then make their job as a prosecutor difficult. Some other mode seems necessary to ensure accusations of abuse are handled fairly and openly. One other point raised is that regular citizens can be arrested and charged on the word of an officer alone. An officers sworn affidavit of eyewitness is given more weight and is often sufficient to "prove" guilt (e.g. speeding being the most common, but also "resisting" arrest). This power is not available to average citizens when making accusations of police abuse. When a citizen makes an accusation it is treated as a mere "complaint" and then handled by "internal review" which most often finds no wrongdoing, even in cases where evidence was available that later clearly showed the complaint was true. My version of this law would force such complaints to be treated like any other criminal accusation and tried in open court like any other crime. This would take the power to determine guilt or innocence out from behind the closed doors of the precinct and put it in front of the public for a jury of citizens to judge for themselves. Perhaps a necessary feature would be to make prosecuting these cases compulsory so that DAs don't get the blame for bringing charges and avoid placing that strain on their relationship with the police. Having this separate charge would also allow juries to find the officer specifically guilty of only abusing their power, even if evidence was lacking to prove other criminal acts. Edit2: some have mentioned the existence of "Citizen Review Boards" as an argument against my idea. Here is one such example. Others also exist. [NYC Civilian Complaint Review Board] "All cases sent to the Police Commissioner come with recommendation of discipline made by the Board, which the Commissioner has the privilege to review and enforce or overrule. In fact, if she so chooses, the Commissioner can essentially dismiss the complaint once he receives it." In other words, such bodies have no teeth. One additional option that should be available is to give these review boards the authority to pursue criminal charges, at least so far as to mandate a [Grand Jury] be convened to look at the evidence and determine if an indictment is warranted. Edit3: some have also argued that, since police work is difficult, cops should receive significant protection in the course of acting as enforcers. My response: "Lest this post give the wrong impression, I will openly state here that I have tremendous respect for the very valuable job that Good Cops do, and I am very certian that the majority of cops are good and are acting appropriately, according to strict policyprocedure, and with only the best of intentions. I agree that better training is always good and I would encourage all departments to riase the minimum education requirement for an officer to a Masters in Criminal Justice or equivalent law degree. "Our police should be the epitome of civility, intellect and physical prowess, not simply brutish thugs with a badge and a gun who excell only at following orders. I realize this is a VERY high standard, but I believe it is fully appropriate. If we are to give individuals such authority, we must demand that they be raised to this level of power and responsibility because they have proved they are worthy. Then we must expect them to demonstrate that worthiness on a daily basis in every official act. "If you are one of these Good Cops, you should have nothing to fear from such a law as I propose, just as innocent citizens who have done no wrong should have nothing to fear from police who are acting within the bounds of their appropriate authority. It is improper to say that a cop's decisions should not be subject to a more strict review or the possibility of criminal prosecution simply because the job is difficult You don't know what it's like out there or what we have to deal with! you don't get to judge me!. "Would you so broadly excuse the mistakes of a surgeon if their mistake resulted in your father's death simply because surgery is complicated? Would you accept the excuse, "You don't know what it's like! Don't judge me! You're not a surgeon!" if such was their defense for improper or criminal behavior? Many jobs are difficult and many tough decisions must be made. The difficulty of the job is no excuse for significant, or especially lethal, errors in judgement, let alone willful abuse of power." Edit4: It seems to me that taking these decisions out of the hands of secret "internal review boards" and putting them on full display in court to be witnessed by the public and decided by a jury should have the intended effect of achieving justice for the victim and actual punishment for the offender as well as serving as a deterent to other officers who might take similar criminal action in violation of the public trust. I can't imagine this being a bad thing in any way. Why should we have one standard for citizens accused of a crime and another for police accused of a crime while on-duty? Are they to be treated as some "ruling class" above the law and favored with special treatment? I am accused of a crime and I am arrested, placed in jail, forced to pay bond if I wish to be free, taken to court and subject to prosecution by the full power of the state in collusion with the very arresting officer who made the claim that he witnessed me breaking the law in the first place. An officer is accused of a crime and he gets put on paid leave while a closed-door, sealed-record "review" is conducted by fellow officers who typically dismiss the case or more rarely provide some impotent reprimand, after which the officer is back on the street free to continue such abuse at will. How can such a thing even remotely be considered proper? How can this not be viewed as some "illuminatistyle double standard where those who enforce the law are themselves virtually immune to the law? Why would we not try these cases in open court rather than having some toothless parallel process that allows police to evade real justice? Edit5: question and answer from responses below... "What governs the use of deadly force against unarmed civilians..." Everybody defines it differently, but more or less the standard is: If the police officer reasonably believes that the person represents a grave threat to them or others grave" meaning serious enough to possibly be fatal or near-fatal), they can use deadly force. My response... "It would seem appropriate then that so long as a citizen reasonably felt they or others were at grave theat from an officer then that citizen should have the authority to use deadly force against that officer. And, as we must presume innocence, we should simply take the citizen's word for it and let the matter be. After all, the cop brought a weapon to a public place and this indicates a willingness if not outright intent to use it. We can simply convene a closed door council of the citizen's neighbors to hear his account and they can conclude he acted appropriately. Or, if he did not, he can be let go with a warning not to kill any more cops under similar circumstances. No more criminal charges for killing police. Actually, I rather like this plan. Perhaps I will CMV after all."