Let me first preface this by saying that I am speaking especially to those in the classical andor "academic" musical communities, and that I hold this opinion as a 3rd year undergraduate Music Composition major and a former military bandsman. That having been said... People love to hate on John Williams, and I think it's unjustified. Let me address a few specific gripes people have with JW: "He rips off classical composers!" I've got news for you: This is what all composers do and have always done as far back as written records can demonstrate (standing on the shoulders of giants, and all that...). Copland stole from William Stepp, Chopin stole from John Field, Mozart stole from JC Bach, and Bach from Vivaldi before that... Hell, during the middle ages, people just wrote new parts on the same manuscript as the piece they were stealing from. The greatest musical innovators of each generation steal from their own influences and, at best, make incremental moves towards a new, original sound. "He doesn't do his own orchestration!" This is actually a common practice among film composers. The reason why is not because the composer is an incompetent orchestrator, but because of the immense amount of work required of film composers and the minimal time they are given to complete their task. It's not unusual for film composers to do their work entirely in post, playing along with a finished copy of the movie with a timecode in the corner of the screen, and they are often charged with writing nearly an hour of orchestral music with what may be as little as 2 weeks. It's not uncommon for a composer to write a piano reduction with instrumental indications and ossia staff scrawled in the margin, and a team of 2-3 orchestrators and maybe a half-dozen uncredited copyists. "His music just sounds too 'cinematic For those of you not familiar with this argument, I'll fill you in: Classical musicians who are proponents of a "legitimate" modern classical style tend to shy away from tonality, melody, and traditional harmonic structures in favor of bizarre sounds. They love graphic notation, and will praise any piece of music as long as it's weird. The term is often used to describe very striking neo-romantic type music, martial music, or any music that people feel could be used in a film or video game to evoke a particular emotion or set a particular mood (Curiously, people who enjoy this kind of music don't seem to have a problem with chamber music that includes an electronic or multimediavisual component.) John Corigliano, for example, is a venerated hero in the academic music community, but people don't like to talk about his score for The Red Violin, even though it kicked ass. Okay, I'm done running my mouth. I would like to hear some music lovers' take on John Williams and why he is not be a brilliant musician, but a talentless hack (I've known enough people who think that that this should be interesting). Change my view.