This CMV comes from a thread in roffmychest titled "White people... and the Black Experience." I posted this in response in hopes of creating some dialogue, but to no avail. To preface this - I am a late 20 something Jewish "white" girl from Brooklyn, NY. I did not grow up in what is now being called the modern day "white culture" but in a pretty isolated Jewish culture in the 80s and 90s - which is vastly different from each other. My family did not come to this country until the mid 1900s from the Ukraine and Poland - victims of pogroms and the Holocaust. My family; My parents parents, and their parents parents, and their parents parents going all the way back have never been involved with slavery, apartheid, massacres or wars. In fact we come from a small shtetl that had been able to stay far removed from these events up until the turn of the last century. Now to the point of my spiel and where my issue comes in. While I certainly believe in much of what entails the modern day black experience - the cultural appropriations by people, the glass ceiling, the casual racism - I object to the grouping of "white people" as if my family's heritage means nothing because we share the same general skin tone. I have never, nor do I come from ancestry, who perpetrated such horrible sins on black people, on their families or on their ancestors. When I speak about Israel - I often get responses like "well you white Americans massacred the Native Americans and enslaved people so you have no right to speak on such issues." This is just an argumentum ad hominem fallacy, and it makes it easier to attack me personally to further their own claims, even though I and my ancestors could not be further from this. And it's the truth on this topic as well. I don't bare the weight of historical slavery and mistreatment on my shoulders - even though I am white. It is not my burden to carry. I ache for those who lived through it, who carry the scars, and whose children are still dealing with the repercussions in our modern day era - but I am not your oppressor and I don't come from an ancestral family of oppressors, these events do not reflect on me. In fact, I come from the exact opposite - from a group of people who used to be known as the eternal victims. If the modern day argument to this is that you move to a country and become a citizen - you then inherit that countries history as well - then this would negate everything I say, but I would disagree with that sentiment. I can only personally affirm that I am not a racist, I don't ever use the N word, have never appropriated a part of your culture (be it braids, saying "she has a black ass" to twerking) and I would fight for your rights if I was needed - and I hope you would do the same for me. Now to another point about white privilege. In America there is undoubtedly white privilege. I certainly saw it growing up in NYC, and I definitely see it here in Washington, DC. If there is anything I could be guilty of it is living in a society where white privilege is rampant and I have had the ability to take advantage of it without even really knowing it. But I am still fighting for the privileges that I don't have - to be LGBT, to be a woman who controls my own body, also to be Jewish freely. Using "white people" as a pejorative is something that I do not agree with. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!