Probable Spoilers for the Far Cry 3 campaign ahead. Recently I have been arguing with my friends about Vaas Montenegro, the antagonist from the Far Cry 3 campaign. In my opinion, Vaas was not insane. I acknowledge that his personality has schizophrenic trait, aka sudden changes in mood as seen in the "Have I ever told you the definition of insanity?" monologue, but I do not believe he was insane. 1 - Violence One argument that arose was that Vaas' extreme violence and his seeming enjoyment of it lead to the conclusion that he was insane. However, I believe that, although being around drugs and violence at a young age may have given him a twisted personality, he does this mainly as scare tactics: to keep both his pirates and the Rakyat in check. Sure enough, the locals are so scared they never attack the outposts alone. 2 - Trailers The Far Cry 3 live action trailers like the Far Cry experience depict Vaas as a crazy boss-pirate, showing him executing a prisoner with a rocket launcher or talking a mostly buried corpse. However, none of this is canon (they have Chris Mintz-Plasse on at some point) or happens ingame. 3 - Most of what he does makes sense If we accept that Vaas' goal is power over the island, then most of what he does actually makes sense. Kidnapping rich white kids for ransom andor selling as slaves will earn him money, making him more powerful. Being (a lot) more violent than the other pirates makes sure that they won't turn on him. It also ensures that the Rakyat don't stand up to him. I would go as far as saying that Jason and Hoyt are also both pretty sane, but we won't delve into that today. I also thoroughly enjoyed Far Cry 3 and the first 23rds of it's campaign. Anyway, Vaas wasn't insane, CMV. edit: Hoyts Hoyt, "I have ever told you..." "Have I ever told you..." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!