I am a huge fan of Skyrim's civil war storyline because both sides are somewhat morally ambiguous, leaving it to each player to determine which side is worth joining. I wish to argue that when one looks at the situation as a whole, the Imperial Legion is objectively the lighter shade of grey. Admittedly, I have had a pro-Imperial bias since before I first started playing Skyrim. Based on my experiences in both Morrowind (especially so) and Oblivion, the Cyrodiilic Empire has always seemed like a very nice place to be, and so I've always been an Imperial loyalist. I was surprised that joining the rebels was even an option. But now, after having analyzed the backgrounds and motivations of both sides, I'm even more of an Imperial loyalist than ever. This is because of the following reasons. 1. A united Empire would be a stronger bulwark against Dominion aggression. Also, the Empire is generally good for Skyrim. This should be fairly obvious. If Skyrim was to secede from the Empire, then High Rock would be cut off from Cyrodiil, and could very well secede in turn. Hammerfell was already kicked out of the Empire, and whatever is left of Morrowind that has not been destroyed by the eruption of Mt. Vvardenfell lies under the de facto control of the Kingdom of Argonia. (EDIT Argonia was actually kicked out of Morrowind due to the efforts of House Redoran.) In the event of a successful Stormcloak rebellion, the Dominion would be able to destroy the nations of men piecemeal. Of course, a quick and decisive victory for the rebels is not quite optimal for the Thalmor; they would prefer that both sides bleed one another out (and don't forget that Ulfric is a Thalmor asset of a sort). But if they cannot have that, I'm sure that they would prefer to take on a bunch of smaller human kingdoms than one larger human Empire. Of course, for any of those who actually like the Dominion, this is a wonderful reason to join the Stormcloaks. There is also the matter of trade and mutual benefit. Jarl Balgruuf says as much. Skyrim gets to benefit from the rich lands to the south, and in exchange Cyrodiil gets the protection of some of the best warriors on Tamriel. 2. Ulfric's killing of King Toryyg sets a dangerous precedent. As Uncle Alvor put it: Once the jarls start killing each other, we're back to the bad old days. Ulfric's claim on rulership of Skyrim boils down to "might begets right." "Well no kidding, that's how rebellions work," some of you might be saying. But Ulfric's point in killing the king was that leadership comes from individual martial prowess. No king who cannot beat challengers in single combat is fit to rule. Such an attitude does not belong in any civilized society, because it is hazardous to stability. What's to stop Skyrim from falling into civil war again in a generation if someone decides that he doesn't like Ulfric's successor? It would have been different if Ulfric had asked Toryyg to declare independence from the Empire. Toryyg would have seriously considered it, and if he had agreed, then this point would be moot. As events turned out the way that they did, I'm convinced that Ulfric's rebellion is at least partially motivated by his own personal ambition: he still would not have wanted to be a vassal to Toryyg. There are other points to be made about the Great War, the White-Gold Concordat, the release of Hammerfell, and the Markarth Incident, but I'll address those if they come up. So, rebel scumI'm sorry , CMV if you can. EDIT First Delta goes to uRdmknowledge. I've enjoyed having this discussion with all of you about one of my most beloved games. But I'm tired now, and I'll be back tomorrow. Feel free to continue this discussion. Talos guide you all.