I work at a software company in a fairly big city. I see so many pick-up trucks parked in our company parking lot. I'm often stuck behind them in traffic in the tiny roads that our city has to offer. I just don't understand the logic. 1. If you have a desk job at a regular company in the city, there is no reason for you to drive a giant truck to work. There are literally a thousand other car options for you that are cheaper, more efficient, and more suited for commuting in a city environment. 2. I am not against owning pick-up trucks. To each his own. But people need to understand what it means to co-exist in a society. If you want to take your ATV for a fun weekend in the mountains, then by all means. Use your pick-up truck to haul that bad boy to the Rockies. But if its Monday morning and you need to go to work at your desk job involving flowcharts and algorithms, the pick-up truck is the opposite of the type of vehicle you should be driving. 3. Objectively speaking, pick-up trucks are terrible vehicles. They are known gas-guzzlers, they have a large wheel span that are unsuitable to most narrow city streets. Their line of sight is higher than most other cars on the street which makes them uncomfortable to drive along side of. Simply put, they are the playground bully of cars. 4. If you own a business where you regularly have to transport bulky cargo from place to place, then it becomes a point of utility and that is completely acceptable. This post is not directed towards the set of people for whom pick-up trucks are a necessity for maintaining a livelihood. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!