Obviously everyone has their own unique definition of hipster. It's an especially difficult word to define because of the stigma, no one wants to claim to be a hipster. But I will define several areas that I usually see people refer to when discussing hipsters. I'm not saying that some of these things aren't annoying (though I don't find them so bad) but that they are just mainstream aspects of millennial culture instead of some weird subculture. Therefore hating 'hipsters' just means you hate people 20-30 years old 1) Fashion. Aspect of supposed 'hipster' fashion include skinny jeans, fake glasses, tattoos, flannel and other work clothes for men, as well is facial hair such as beards or mustaches. In my experience most of these style clothes are sold at huge national chains such as H and M or Urban Outfitters. All these fashions are just mainstream, not some special subculture. 2) Music. Indie rock is usually described as hipster music. But indie rock is anything but indie these days, indie artists sell millions and millions of records therefore it is quite mainstream. Or hipsters are mocked for listening to underground bands and saying they "liked them before they were popular" or something like that. The internet makes it much easier to find out about underground bands, therefore it is only natural that it is more popular to listen to these kinds of bands for young people today. 3) Specialist food. Hipsters are often mocked for liking organic, or local grown food. Or weird specialist food such as mini cupcakes. I have been to almost every city in the United States, and several cities in Asia and I have seen these kinds of specialist food stores everywhere. If it's that popular it can't be some weird sub-culture, but just part of mainstream food culture in 2014. Also I would argue that the popularity of things like the Food Network indicates that everyone is interested in eating bettermore unique food these days, not some special category of people called 'hispters.' Maybe I missed something but you get my point. Everything that people make fun of hipsters for is just a mainstream part of millennial culture, therefore it is meaningless to use that word. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!