As Americans in a capitalist economy, we are "socialized" and educated into an unrealistically individualistic view of how things are, to a point that obvious truths become politically invisible. It starts in the classroom - when the students from wealthy families do well and happily show up every day, they are good, smart kids. When the poor kids are humiliated in school every day, they are bad kids. If they decide that the system isn't looking out for their best interests, exercise their autonomy, and reject the system, they are seen as horrible dropouts instead of astute observers of societal indifference, insanity, and cruelty. Future generations will look back and wonder at the absurd lengths we have gone to to preserve the cruel and insane illusions of individualism so that the rich can preserve their idea of "individualistic meritocracy." That pure "rugged individualism" is an American social insanitydisease is obvious to children, sometimes obvious to people who communicate with one another across the globe, and blatantly obvious to teachers who create non-excludable benefits for countless people which the wealthy are then able to then capture and "monetize." Right now, I could teach you sooo many things that would change your life forever, just because you're a human being, and we're living on the planet together, and I want you to be happy. (But I'm not going to out of learned socialeconomic prudence and supplydemand. I.e., "fuck you, pay me" I've learned not to care about you.) It's only the people who make themselves utterly fucking obtuse and deny all the benefits they are always receiving from everywhere all the time who thrive in a capitalist system, because they are taught to claim (and believe the lie) that they did it all by themselves. Just ignore all the amazing non-excludable benefits you're getting from everyone and everything all the time and, yeah, you really did do it all by yourself, dipshit. And people will viciously attack anyone who calls them on their individualistic bullshit, because that's capitalism. Even education and healthcare are seen as private goods now, not public goods. Because being surrounded by smart, healthy, educated people obviously has nothing to do with my own wellbeing. It's a purely private, economic affair s Capitalism and our educational system teach people not to look out for one another unless they get paid for it, because we are trained to live in individualistic thought bubbles in which the happiness and wellbeing of every other person on the planet has nothing to do with our own. In fact, the more stupid and miserable you are, the more money I can make off of you. So instead of looking out for you and caring about you, I will happily keep you ignorant, stupid, and miserable forever, because that makes you my bitch, economically speaking. And of course no one teaches you how to escape the thought bubble so we eventually forget that it's there. So in people's perception, the other people they pass by every day really don't have anything to do with their own wellbeing, so they learn to be cruel and indifferent instead of freely creating non-excludable wellbeing for everyone. "Rugged individualism" is a highly unrealistic view which turns people into rigid sociopaths who believe their wellbeing depends on money and not on living in a compassionate or healthy or empathetic or intelligent society. I believe this is evidenced somewhat by [this study] showing that young people have been becoming less empathetic since the 1980's with the steepest decline in the 2000's. We kill people's natural compassion with "rugged individualism" and try to replace it with money, which reminds me of some things someone once said about being unable to serve both God and Mammon. If you try to remind people of the compassion they naturally had as children, they look at you like you're crazy because they've become dead inside. Because that's what living in an individual thought bubble where the rest of the worlduniverse has nothing to do with you will do to you. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!