First off, I want to state I am not against the idea of abstaining from harming others in the course of a struggle. Non-violence is a tactic, one of many, that can be used to effect change but is not the same as Pacifism which tends to encompass more of a world-view than a tactic. I feel that pacifism is ineffective because we have extremely few (I'm actually not aware of any) instances of it working independently of other factors that would have ensured success (Gandhi had Bhagat Singh and other revolutionaries to counter-balance him, MLK had Huey Newton, Angela Davis, and other Black Panthers) by presenting an alternative to the radical change represented by the militant other. This ties into the worst case scenario for pacifism; enabling the forces of repression. Pacifist movements give those in power an easy "out" to accept half-measures or a more favorable peace agreement by recognizing the Pacifists as "legitimate" resisters and couching more militant revolutionary forces as terrorists or something of that nature. The forces of repression also then can use Pacifists to apply pressure to the militant revolutionaries by encouraging or otherwise allowing the Pacifists to interfere with the militants. We saw this in Seattle in the 90's and we see it in street battles to this day. Pacifism also stifles legitimate militant resistance to oppression, especially when it is projected onto others. Advocating Pacifist resistance in a case where it has either been tried and failed or has no possibility of working puts lives at risk for no benefit. Additionally, Pacifists who criticize the people in that instance who do take up arms hamper the movement by undermining their legitimacy. Consider it the approach of an American or Canadian arguing that the Syrians, Rwandans, or Kurds should resist their conditions peacefully and not resort to violence. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!