In opposing injustice, we must strive not to perpetuate it. We must scrutinize our own actions and make sure that we are not doing the exact thing we are trying to stop others from doing. This is the idea behind nonviolent resistance as taught by Gandhi and Martin Luther King, Jr. What Islamic extremists who kill people over images are doing might be called "hurting people needlessly." We know that followers of Islam sometimes take the image of Mohammed very seriously and become upset when images of him are made. Meanwhile, the rest of us don't need images of Mohammed in order to survive and thrive. Therefore, the only reason we would make images of Mohammed is to upset people who take them seriously i.e., to hurt people needlessly. It would not be "needless" if our protest action was something we need to have the right to do, like make salt from the beaches of our own country (Gandhi) or sit in a diner in our own town (MLK). But non-Islamic people don't care about images of Mohammed, so why can't we just respect their desires and not make them? It doesn't cost us anything. When extremists kill people, it is sad and terrible, and we should mourn. But responding by proliferating images of Mohammed only affirms the terrorists' conception of us as infidels who deserve to be killed. If we instead showed our humanity, and showed them that they are attacking us for no reason, perhaps we could argue against that image they have been taught. Let us not help them dehumanize us. Let us find other ways of protest. EDIT: My view has changed to "It is unethical to draw images of Mohammed for the sole reason of offending others." I have responded to many of the most common objections many times. If it is apparent by your argument that you have not read the rest of the thread, you will not receive a reply. EDIT 2: The previous edit is meant to imply that it is fine to draw Mohammed for reasons other than to offend others. EDIT 3: Everyone seems to be getting the impression I am advocating taking away rights, or making it illegal to portray Mohammed, or something like that. Nothing I have said suggests anything like this, or has any ramifications for our freedom of speech. The issue is not whether we should be free to portray Mohammed, but whether, given the freedom we have, to do so is the most ethical course of action. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!