That's not to say various religions of the world haven't done some amount of good; missionaries providing clean water in 3rd world countries certainly are doing good for the world. These philanthropic acts, though, are more than over weighed by the horrible acts that have been committed (or at least made much easier) in the name of religion (the Crusades, 911, even benevolent slavery was justified through religious groupthink). Conversely this means that Science is responsible for its fair share of human setbacks, it's made killing lots and lots people much easier for example. Despite this, there are more people living on this planet, in more comfort, with more access to bettering their lives than at any point in human history. It was not faith in God that liberated these people from disease, it was antibiotics and modern medicine. It wasn't a miracle that led to air conditioning, it was knowledge about electricity and thermodynamics. I believe most people inherently want to make their lives better and whichever tool is best able to accomplish that should be used. The typical argument I hear against this is "well without various religions you won't know what is RIGHT and WRONG." Not true. If I'm doing the right thing just because I am commanded to, I'm not really being moral but just a slave to someone else's will. Whether you want to take the perspective of Utilitarianism, Virtue Ethics, Humanitarianism, or whatever, at least those world views are guided by rationality and not blind faith. Lastly I'm sure many of you will ask "why not both"? Simply put there are only so many resources we have to allocate to making the world a better place. I remember when I was in middle school i found out my (now ex) pastor (of a megachurch) had a private jet. Why should I donate money to a cause like that, or buy their self riotous babel (there was a "gift shop" in the church) when I could donate that money to cancer research or even just spend my time becoming more educated to the problems of the world. Of course this isn't to say that religion has no value to society or individuals, but if we truly want a better world we need to shift our priorities from maintaining the status quo by donating money to our local churches, and instead donate that money to more productive causes. Primarily, the cause of SCIENCE. All that being said feel free to (try to) CMV;)! (btw first ever post and I can't figure out how to start new paragraphs edit: Many of you guys think I'm being "anti-religion" here. Just so you know, personally I do believe in certain metaphysical properties to the cosmos. I'm not saying arguing that strict materialism is the "one true worldview" or anything along those lines. I'm merely saying Science contributes to the betterment of humanity more than religion, or at least organized religion, does. (and thanks for the formatting advice)