Now I don't know all of the details on some of this, which is why I'm hoping someone will change my view. But ever since reading about [The Great Filter,] I started to question my assumption that it's inevitable that the human race will expand into outer space and begin to colonize other worlds. So here are what I see are the biggest hurdles to humanity colonizing space, and why I think we won't overcome them. Hurdle 1: AFAIK, oil is the most energy-dense resource we have. And we use it for pretty much everything, including rocket fuel, manufacture, transportation, you name it. Once we use it up, we don't really have a good substitute to get us into space. Nuclear seems like an option, but without oil I don't know how difficult it would be to extract and refine fissile material in the quantities that would be needed. Hurdle 2: From what I understand, we've pretty much extracted all of the low-hanging fruit as far as oil goes. We're having to drill deeper and in more remote places to get oil. In fact there are theories that if some catastrophic event were to occur right now, we'd never be able to get back to this point technology-wise, because we'll no longer have the capacity or ability to reach oil. It's just too difficult to get to without our current technology. Hurdle 3: We're in our infancy as far as space travel goes. How much effort, resources, and money would it take to establish a lunar colony? I feel like that's doable, but if we really want to expand into space, any colonies we establish must be self-sufficient, and I can't see how that's possible with our current technologies. I'm not even sure we know how to do that right now. Expansion into space in any meaningful way rests on the idea that eventually we'll find other resources out there to sustain ourselves. But how long will it take to find those? Hurdle 4: Space travel seems like a low priority for humanity right now. I mean, we can't even take care of ourselves. In most of the western world, quarterly profits seem to be the highest priority, without any thought for the future. Consumer culture means, above everything else, consumption of oil in one way or another, which leads us back to hurdle 2. Okay, I really don't want this to get political, and I don't want to cast too many sweeping generalizations. So I guess I feel that space travel and expansion could be possible, but it would require all of humanity working together in a way that I don't think is feasible right now. Basically, as a species we're just too immature. So as you can see, I'm making a lot of assumptions, mainly: without oil there will be no space travel given how difficult it is to extract oil, and given our rate of consumption, it won't be too long before we run out. I don't know; it just kind of bums me out. Right now I feel like any future we've envisioned for ourselves in space is just fantasy, and will never come to pass. Which is why I'm hoping someone can change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!