Imagine you go to see the doctor and once at his office he conducts tests and stuff to see what kind of disease you have. Following this, the doctor then goes to doctor court where he has taken an oath to do his best to argue that you have a certain disease (regardless of whether he actually believes you have that disease). Another doctor is there who has taken an oath to do his best to argue that you do not have that disease (also regardless of his own beliefs on whether or not you have the disease). Each doctor presents their case in an adversarial fashion to a group of 12 of your peers (who, in our hypothetical, probably have biases against certain types of diseases and demographics) taken off of the street and selected by the doctors presumably in ways to take advantage of their biases to further their own case, and their presentation must conform to certain rules that do not admit of certain types of evidence being permitted and being thrown out. Then when all is said and done, those twelve ordinary people go and deliberate and then make a decision about whether you are sick or healthy. Their decision determines if, when, and what kind of treatment you will get. The previous example is absurd and no one would have any confidence in our healthcare system if it were like that, because it wouldn't be very good at finding the truth of whether or not a person is sick. The legal system is a bit different in that there are things that we value more than getting at the truth, such as keeping innocent people out of jail, to the extent that we are willing to let criminals go free to keep people out of jail, but I do not think that these values are fulfilled by our legal system. In many ways, our legal system works against them. For example, we have relatively uneducated (at least concerning the level of deductive reasoning and legal knowledge that is probably necessary to evaluate criminal cases) and highly biased people making decisions about the guilt or innocence of a person. This can very easily lead to more convictions for innocent people, and I wouldn't be surprised if in fact it does lead to more convictions for minorities, even if we were to have roughly identical cases. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!