There are many reasons why I have happily expatriated to the UK (including healthcare, public transportation, better beer:P, education, etc.), but one of the reasons that makes me glad I'm over here and not back in the States is all these reports of gun violence where absolutely nothing seems to be being done about it. So, in case there's any doubt here, it's not specifically gun violence, but America's lack of legislative response to it that I can't stand. Don't get me wrong, there's still violence in the UK (and everywhere, I'm sure), and this is not a "x country is better than the US" kind of debate, but I feel as though the problems of guns in the US are never going to be resolved or at least no one in Washington seems to be concerned with resolving them. A few years ago, I was dumbfounded by the things that happened at Sandy Hook. When you're talking about "evil," murdering a bunch of kindergarteners is pretty high up there. And, in response, America did.... absolutely nothing about it. We cried about it on television and made ribbons and special funds, but we still voted down a bill that would have placed some pretty reasonable (and still quite lax) restrictions on gun purchasing. Now, I know gun violence in the States is a complex issue and speaks to a lot of problems such as mental health, etc. I also know that abolishing guns would be a difficult thing to accomplish in the US. But did we really just do NOTHING after we've had several incidents of mass murder as a result of guns? Obviously guns are not the reason for these mass murders, but they do make them much deadlier (look at that Pennsylvania mass stabbing- the attacker was easily unarmed, no deaths and few injuries). If we were even making some other kind of effort elsewhere to combat these issues, I'd be satisfied. But instead, we do all the easy things (public mourning, saying how sad we are for the families, going through the attacker's social media for "clues" to their motivations) and none of the hard things: actually instituting some kind of policy that will reduce the amount of these events. So rather than be constantly frustrated by these sorts of things happening and then everyone scratching their heads, not actually doing anything, I'd rather just go live somewhere where specifically gun violence is not as much a problem. Obviously, not everyone has the option to just leave the States, but if it's a possibility, then gun violence could reasonably go on the list of reasons to leave. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!