I am an American that used to hate soccer until I learned about it. I bought season tickets to my local division 3 soccer team this year (Sacramento Republic FC) and returned them because they were overpriced. They pay their players 16k a year for the most part and the season ticket prices were about 15 a game for the cheapest tickets. The cheapest season ticket prices at Manchester City are a little more at 25 a game. It's safe to say that every starter and many bench players on Man City make more than the Sacramento team combined. I believe that my example is indicative of the American model for sports which has become a money making scheme for super rich people. This is not the case for sports in many countries around the world. Real Madrid and F.C. Barcelona are the biggest sports franchises on the planet and they are entirely fan owned. Many countries have mandatory fan ownership and I believe it should be the preferred choice for all sports fans. The cheapest season ticket at F.C. Barcelona cost about 150 which is about the same price as the cheapest season ticket to an NFL team. The difference is that Barcelona plays about 30 home games compared to the Cleveland Browns 8. Comparitely the Seattle Seahawks cheapest season tickets cost 4 times as much as Barcelona which is almost 16 times as much per game. It's unrealistic to think people will ever abandon their favorite teams but on my point is that sports require fan support and it wouldn't take much organization to change the way they Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!