One example of this case is the issue about facebook data mining and using the information that users put into their facebook accounts for facebook's personal gain. People generally have a negative reaction to this and there is now generally a form of hatred against the company. I find this a really odd reaction because I thought that it was clear to both parties that that's what your getting into when you use facebook. I usually think that when you're accessing the internet in some form, especially when it requires creating accounts, you're already opening your own information for the company's use or even for the general public's use. So, it seems that many people didn't expect facebook would use or "exploit" its users' information for their own profit. And this type of relationship between facebook and the oblivious facebook user becomes a relationship of exploitation. About this type of exploitation relationship, I think it's better to stop people from being exploited by simply informing people about facebook and what they're getting into when they're creating an account. Either that or blame the law and acting upon that blame by passing a law that stops companies such as Facebook from exploiting user information. It seems to me that blaming facebook or the exploiter is a regressive way of thinking in that it leads to no action. Blaming the ignorance of the exploited on the other hand helps to improve the thinking of the victims so that they would not be exploited again in the future. It's like in a bully situation, instead of blaming the bully, you blame the victim. The victim has to stand up for hirself so he would be able to face any future bullies. There is the counter argument that in today's society, facebook has turned into a form of necessity for many people and thus they can't simply avoid giving their own information. I think that this varies in degrees. For example, one can create a facebook account and only add their names and no other information in the account. With them having the idea of giving away their information to facebook, they would be more conscientious about giving away their information. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!