Talent shows generally disappoint me because I believe that the general public lacks the ability to properly assess how talented performers are. The average audience member likely does not have a strong background in music theory or knows the technical aspects of ballet dancing. Therefore, the public will vote in performers whom it finds "entertaining." Acts the public considers entertaining tend to appeal to mainstream tastes, provide instant gratification, are easily digestible, and are fast-paced. I'm not saying that acts shouldn't have these qualities; it's true that mainstream acts are better equipped to grab people's attention. However, characteristics that make a performer entertaining are distinct from the characteristics that make a performer talented. And much of the time, the audience is unable to distinguish between the two. I have an anecdote to illustrate my point. During my senior year of high school, my best friend participated in our school talent show and performed Franz Liszt's "Hungarian Rhapsody No. 2" on the piano. Classical musicians are well aware of the sheer talent it takes to even attempt to play such a piece. It requires extreme technical precision and contains many passages that are intricate and require a strong knowledge of music theory and practical skill to pull of successfully. My friend had been studying classical piano for 10 years and had practiced the piece for six months before she performed it for the talent show (she was practicing it for her audition for Juilliard, into which she was ultimately accepted). However, she only won fourth place in the talent show. The first place winner was some guy I knew who only picked up guitar several months prior to the show. He performed an acoustic guitar medley of various Lady Gaga songs. While I wouldn't say his performance was necessarily bad, from a talent perspective, it didn't even come close to my best friend's performance. I understand why he won: his act was digestible, provided instant gratification, appealed to mainstream tastes (the audience recognized the songs he played), and was fast-paced. But as a musician myself, I could tell that he had shoddy technique and from a musical perspective, he wasn't particularly talented. There are other examples like this too...on America's Got Talent, there was a group that did jazz dance, and their dancers were extremely skilled and performed a lot of very difficult and intricate stuff. However, the judges found the performance to be too "slow-paced" and "boring" and "outdated," and preferred a hip-hop group that danced to modern pop songs. It was also hilarious because the judges acted as if they knew what they were talking about and were experts in what constituted high quality dance acts. Regardless of whether the hip-hop group was talented, the disrespect the judges had for the jazz group was uncalled for. It seems to me that in order to properly assess an act's talent, one needs to go out of his or her way to be open minded, mature, and objective. And unfortunately, most of the time, audience members lack the tools to be objective. They aren't knowledgeable enough in art to mentally separate what they find entertaining and pleasurable from what requires talent to pull off. For example, they will not vote for a "boring, slow-paced" classical piece that is intricate over a simple, repetitive pop song. They tend to be lazy in their voting, and vote based on impulse, and prefer stuff that they are familiar with. This makes "talent shows" less about talent and more about who or what is popular.