EDIT: ubootsorhearts brought up a [good point] . By the power invested in me as a mod of rchangmyview, I hereby proclaim that users may break any current or proposed rendition of Rule III in this CMV post (and only this CMV post) without fear of having their input deleted, so long as it does not violate any of out other guidelines. I'm just looking for frank and honest feedback regarding the wording of Rule III. Perhaps I should have made a [MOD POST] instead of a CMV post, but I can't edit the title now. For those who can't currently read our sidebar for whatever reason, Rule III currently states the following: III. Direct responses to the CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP's current stated viewpoint (however minor), unless they are asking OP a clarifying question. Arguments in favor of OP's current view (i.e. the one OP is willing to change) should be restricted to replies to comments. This rule does not apply to TCMV posts. Recently, I have heard some users express concern that there are some types of constructive (i.e. non-circlejerking) top-level comments that seem to be prohibited by the current literal wording of Rule III. Examples offered were comments introducing a new component to the issue that OP neglected and comments bringing up a completely different aspect of the problem. Personally, I would not delete a top-level comment that brought up a new component to the issue that OP had neglected, as I have always felt that constructive comments of these sorts would be protected under the current wording of Rule III because of the qualifier "however minor," (other mods are free to chime in if they disagree). However, even if the mods do not delete constructive comments of these sorts, I can see how some users who have good things to say might feel that they are not allowed to post due to a literal reading of Rule III in which you have to address something the OP actually stated. Thus, I could perhaps be persuaded to make a slight revision to the wording of Rule III (pending approval from the other mods), something to the effect of: III. Direct responses to the CMV post must challenge at least one aspect of OP's current stated viewpoint (however minor), or challenge a related underlying assumption OP seems to have, unless they are asking OP a clarifying question. Arguments in favor of OP's current view (i.e. the one OP is willing to change) should be restricted to replies to comments. This rule does not apply to TCMV posts. In my opinion, this revision would change the wording of Rule III from "fine" to "nearly perfect," and would give our users more freedom in how they respond to OPs while still maintaining the spirit of Rule III. CMV.