Right now, the Internet is the greatest educational achievement mankind has ever developed, but it goes unrecognized by the powers that be, because widely distributed expertise is threatening to capitalism as it existed prior to digital goods. It's like, suppose someone spends 20 years developing an invention, and then everyone else on the planet can also have it without having to do that work to develop it. Now, suppose someone spends 20 years developing expertise, and creates scaffolding in such a way that everyone else on the planet can also have that expertise without having to spend that much time or effort to develop it for themselves. The latter example is completely threatening to capitalism, because socially, capitalism is predicated on the fact (or illusion) that you cannot do the job I am doing because you lack sufficient expertise. Once you do have that expertise, then we have to say the reason is something else, like you haven't spent 10 years and thousands of dollars earning the credential. Otherwise, there's no reason that you could not also do my job, so there's no reason for me to make that much more money than you for doing this job, which you can also do. Psychologically, people are also more likely to identify with their expertise than with an invention. You say, I AM a scientist, but you HAVE a computer. Once they get identified with it, that means it's threatening when someone or something comes and says that everyone else can have it too. On top of which, the people in power tend to be older, more educated, wealthier, etc. so they feel they have in interest in preserving the status quo, so change from the top down is highly unlikely. The end result is that even though people now have Internet access and do not need to go to school for 20 years or pay however many thousands of dollars in order to obtain expertise, they still need to pay that cost in order to obtain a social credential. So even though current generations can gain expertiseeducation far more efficiently than their predecessors, as a society we tend not to acknowledge this reality because of capitalismpolitics. Progress has run contrary to power, so it's basically ignored. Defenders of capitalism and the status quo will denigrate those who appreciate the educational power of the Internet, by insulting and questioning the capabilities of those who become well-educated outside of older educational institutions, but that's exactly the kind of subtle bullying that we would expect from those who benefit from the status quo. CMV.