It's pretty simple, look around you, look at the number of people you know who are depressed, who are on burned outs, who are killed themselves at work. I believe that today's standards of success puts a lot of pressure on workers. You have to get a good job. You have to have a good pay. To have that, it is way preferable that you'd been to college, otherwise people are just gonna judge you for being a stupid loser, no matter what you think your "calling" is. In order to be accepted at good colleges, you need to be the best of the best. High school kids work their ass off with extra AP classes, volunteering on weekends, all that to get into good schools, where they're gonna spend 4 years of their lives learning shit they don't care about for the most of them. I don't believe that the majority of people in programs like management are doing it cause they're so in love with learning how to "manage" stuff. So there you are in college, working you're ass off, getting good grades because you have to get a pretty GPA otherwise you'll never get an internship or job. Competing with classmates to be the best. Then what? You get a job. You're lucky, you have a job. It's normal that you do sacrifices at that point, like working extra hours, working on weekends, etc., but consider yourself lucky you have a job, don't complain. Same thing when you open the TV, when you open facebook. "Oh look at all those people having great lives, why am I not like them?." The media keep slamming it in your face how great other people are doing, how the good life looks like, how you'd be so happy driving a ferrari. It's also really nice because you have that friend there, choice, who always gives you a bunch of options. But that guy is satan. "Oh look, you can apply to any program that you want," "Oh look, you can chose what car to buy" "Oh look, what kind of houses would you like to buy?," but then tells you that the program you chose at 17 will determine the rest of your life, that there's a big difference between those cars A, B, C, D, E, ... and that you should chose carefully not to make the wrong choice, cause it's freakin 25000 that you're paying. Same thing for a house, hundreds of thousands of dollars paid, mortgage spread over 25 years. I know life was harder in the past, you had to fight to live, you were born poor you'd stay poor, etc. But this lack of choice and the fact that you were exposed to way less than you are right now must have made it easier somehow on the mental. I hope you can convince me otherwise. Fight me