tl;dr: Hyperrealistic paintingsdrawings offer nothing beyond what a photograph could offer, with the exception of displaying the technical skills of an artist. In that sense, hyperrealistic works of art are vain, narcissistic, but beyond that, pointless. A post came across my Facebook timeline a few days ago, from Fubiz, entitled Ultrarealistic Paintings by Matt Story. As with most posts on hyperrealistic drawings or paintings, it got plenty of likes and ooohs and aaahs. I think hyperrealism is a bunch of bull however. To explain, I'd like to propose a couple of short thought experiment: A man walks in a museum and comes across three identical, photorealistic images hanging on the wall. His friend told him that one is a photograph, one is a painting, and one is a CGI rendering, but you can't tell which is which. Other than knowing that the images were created using three separate methods, they look exactly alike. The man looks at the information plate on the wall below each image. The image in the middle is the photograph. "This is just a photo of some fruit in a kitchen, I could've taken that." The image on the left is the CGI rendering. "Well, I guess you can do anything on a computer these days." The image on the right is the painting. "Wow, I can't believe someone painted this! This is a masterpiece!" A museum guide comes over, looks at the information plates, and says: "I'm sorry sir, someone changed these plates again. The image on the left is the photo, the middle one the painting, and the one on the right the CGI rendering." The man responds: "Oh, well then the left one is the masterpiece!" Thought experiment 2: Ten year's from now, 3D printing has advanced to the point where creating a life-sized model of a person is as easy as taking a photograph of someone. All of a sudden, anyone can create a sculpture as realistic as any of [Duane Hanson] . Some artists, however, continue making realistic sculptures the hard way, with no discernible difference in outcome. I contend that the only difference between photography and hyperrealism is the degree of difficulty in creating the image. If sculpting technology makes realistic sculpting easier we're a lot closer to thought experiment 2 than you might expect] than the only difference between lifelike sculptures becomes the process of creation. This is why I find the man's reaction in thought experiment 1 so absurd, and the artists in experiment 2 who go the hard way vain and narcisstic. The image should be judged on the merit of itself, not how it came to be. I could find arbitrarily difficult methods for creating the most mundane images (and a lot of hyperrealistic subject matters seems to me to be rather banal), but that doesn't make those images in and of themselves more compelling. If you create something which differentiates itself from another creation in no other way than having been harder to create, the whole point of that creation becomes the process. In other words, all that hyperrealistic artists seem to say is: "hey, look at how amazing my skills are! I could've just taken a photograph to show you the same image (and I probably used a photograph to copy) but I wanted everyone to see my awesome replicating skills!" How is this not just an act of ego-stroking vanity and narcissism? I read elsewhere that the point of hyperrealism is to challenge our notion of what is real, that you cannot trust your own eyes. By deceiving the viewer into believing something is "real" when it really isn't (since it was painteddrawnetc.) you make the viewer question the nature or reality itself. This is, of course, if the viewer can get over their amazement of the technical prowess of the artist to begin with. The thing that this purpose (if that's what it is, to challenge a viewer's thoughts on what's real) fails to reckon with is that photography itself is not "real." There's a story I remember reading (can't source it unfortunately) about a conversation between Picasso and a fellow train traveler who wonders why Picasso paints what he does. Picasso says "I paint what I see." The man pulls out a photo from his wallet and says something to the effect of "but that's not reality. See this photograph of my wife, that's real." To which Picasso answers: "You're wife's head is 2 inches tall?" The point is, photographs are just representations of reality, not reality itself. When a shallow depth of field puts parts of the image out of focus, those areas aren't, in reality, fuzzy all of a sudden, it's just how the camera interprets the light. Every little decision you make with a camera (or which it makes for you) influences how the camera captures and interprets the image. A photograph is the result of a complex interaction of light and the camera. (Indeed, when the actual creation of the camera is taken into account of the making of a photograph, it turns out to be vastly more complex than painting a hyperrealistic painting. But let's limit ourself to the act of the "button-pusher. A photograph depicts the end result of this complex process between light and camera. In fact, photography is much more successful in pretending to be real than hyperrealistic images ever could be, because people actual think photos are real! And if hyperrealism's stated aim is to confound the boundaries between what's real and isn't by tricking the viewer, than don't photoshopped images to job much more successfully? Or what about the fact that [75 of Ikea's catalog is now computer generated] ? Certainly fooled me. Is this the point of hyperrealism? What does that leave hyperrealism with then? The creational process. And really, that's what gets the ooohs and aaahs, isn't it? The realization that something handmade tricked you into thinking it was a photograph, and an amazement for the skills of artist. This is not to say that we cannot (or should not) be awed by an act of creation. It is impressive to what degree artists can create photorealistic art. It takes time, patience, and technical skill to accomplish. But the end result should be judged on its own merit, not on the extent to which it highlights the virtues of the artist. And since the end results of hyperrealistic art offers nothing beyond what a photograph could offer - other than inflating the ego of the artist - it is truly pointless. Would love for you to change my mind! Is there some other way I'm not appreciating the genre of art? Thanks! Edit: First off, thanks everyone for responding, it's certainly given me much to think about! I found [this YouTube video interview] with the "father of hyperrealism," Denis Peterson. Asked "Why not just take a photography" he says "I don't really know.":) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!