[This video] explains it as simply as I have seen it explained thus far (although admittedly it is biased): The Jews 'stole' the land off of the Palestinians in the first half of the 20th century. Now all these years later Israel is happy to give Palestine large segments of their own land on the condition of peace, while Palestine still wants nothing more than to destroy Israel. While I agree that it is only natural to want land back that was taken forcibly from you, it seems that supporters of Palestine don't understand that dissolving an entire nation and it's citizens for the sake of a historical grudge just can't happen in this modern world. Yes, it was terrible how the land was taken from them, but as so many others have pointed out - it was also terrible how the land was taken from the native Americans, yet surely everyone understands the issues that would arise if the entire continent was suddenly given back to native Americans. Instead, Palestine seems to be getting enormous support from much of the world in their plight to sacrifice millions of lives in this bid to reclaim what they feel is theirs. If the identity of an entire state's citizens is taken away from them, resulting in more violence and refugees so that Palestine gets some land back, so be it, right? I want to side with Palestine given the continually dire situation they are in, and the amount of oppression they are subjected to, but this is all created by a war that seems entirely motivated by their own people. Why is there so much support for Palestine given that they seem to be the warmongers? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!