Context: the [tragedy at Charlie Hebdo] on 1715. Whether this attack was directly provoked by a printed image of Muhammad or not, my argument will be framed as if it were. I'll paraphrase some of my posts in other threads: The problem I have with this is that non-Muslims came out of the blue to offend Muslims on this particular issue. There's no honor in that, we're not on any sort of moral high ground. Consider this hypothetical: Previously, there was no issue with freedom of expression. Then Some Guy learns that many Muslims forbid printed images of their prophet. Guy says, "hey, wouldn't it be just hilarious if we printed an image of their prophet??" So Guy prints image of their prophet. Angry terrorist coward shoots and kills Guy. Guy's friends call him a martyr, cry censorship. Except there is no censorship, freedom of expression still exists 100, Guy's publication and others can and likely will post more of these images in the future. If a group of people is encroaching upon your rights or beliefs then by all means defend yourself as appropriate. And as I understand it, many Muslim factions are indeed doing that around Europe and there is no insignificant amount of tension. But in this particular instance, we kindof started it. We created an issue where there was none. Freedom of expression does not imply freedom from consequences. SHOULD murder be the consequence? Absolutely not. However, what should be in this world and what are are two completely different things; so, we fight battles to turn the "what ares" into the "should bes." Is the battle to print images of Muhammad, among human trafficking and rape and all the other issues, really one we need to be fighting, really worth losing lives over? I guess for some, maybe. I wonder how that policeman and his family feel about it. So now, we created a situation where 1) we defend freedom of speech at high cost and continue to print things like this, or 2) we censor ourselves and the turrists win. It's a situation born of childishness that has now ended in tragedy and left us with a difficult path forward. The "point" that now exists to be made did not exist before our initial and unprovoked challenge to Muslim beliefs. And in the name of what, satire? EDIT: I appreciate all the responses, a handful of you have given some great discussion. However I'm getting mired and confused in trying to keep up with and remain thoughtful in my responses, so I am taking a break to reflect and collect. I will come back and answer those I have missed. Thanks again, back in a little while. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!