Edit: I've been asked to change this to specify that I hate a "large majority of mothers that I meet" as opposed to all moms for clarity reasons. I am a new mom with a four month old and recently I have been subjected to the culture of modern mothering. I have discovered that the majority of moms that I meet are the most self righteous, judgmental, ignorant people I've ever met. It has gotten to the point where I refuse to join "mommy groups" because I have an incredibly hard time staying polite when a mom makes negative comments about a mother formula feeding her baby. They proudly display and push their parenting techniques and when you question the concept these ideals are based on (working moms, anti vaccine, co-sleeping, etc.) you are a bully. I recently told a mother that informed me I was "poisoning my child with vaccines" that she was being an idiot on a Facebook mom group. Instantly I was banned from the group and my message inbox was flooding with messages from other mothers informing me that I needed to "stick up for other mothers" and not to be "destructive to my own kind." One even went so far as to call me an "asshole mom," which I found ironic. Moms are quick to cry fowl when someone questions their beliefs and refuse to listen to opposing views maturely. I believe mothers attempt to find something wrong with their babies (autism, gluten allergies, etc.) as a form of sympathetic acceptance and are in large part to blame for the popularity of fad diseases. I believe this vulture like culture of moms only happens in upper middle class white women who have the free time to spend on caring how others raise their children and attempting to change their views on parenting aspects. I also don't believe being a stay at home mom is a "real job." I greatly dislike mothers who drop lines such as "I don't get a weekend off" or "I don't get paid for working 24 hours a day, 7 days a week!" If you want to consider it a job, you should consider it the easiest job in the whole world and be lucky that you've been granted it. I think it shows an incredible amount of entitlement when statements like that are made to people who work or to mothers who do both. A lot of my friends who have had babies now refuse to leave the house because they "don't want to drive on the highway" or "don't want the baby to get cold" so I am alone a lot of the day which leaves me open to the rhetoric on Facebook regarding how not co-sleeping with your child is destroying our society. I refuse to have my life stop when we had a child. We take her everywhere and she is a wonderful baby who rarely cries. I just don't understand why as soon as you become a mom you have to forget about your old self and dreams and not focus all your energy onto making others parent the way you think is best. Please help me change my view.