Egoism is the claim that everyone should always act to maximize their own self interest. I'm going to sketch my version of egoism, based largely on Ayn Rand's ethics, and then deal with some common objections to it. Part 1: Egoism Before we can discuss morality, we have to discuss the nature of values. Something's being a value to someone presupposes a goal and an alternative faced in pursuit of that goal. For example, a house is a value to someone because they have the goal of acquiring shelter and, facing the alternative of getting a house or not having shelter, have chosen to get a house. The fundamental alternative, which gives meaning to all of the others, is the alternative of life and death. Therefore, the only context in which it makes sense to talk about something being of value to someone is a context in which they are struggling to live in some way and the value in question aids them in their pursuit of life. Every organism is confronted with values and disvalues. For example, to a tree, fertile soil is a value, and rocky soil is a disvalue. To a lion, catching a gazelle is a value, and going hungry is a disvalue. Every type of organism has a means of survival that, under suitable conditions, allows it to acquire its values. Plants automatically put down roots and grow leaves. Non-human animals, higher on the scale, have consciousness in the form of instincts which tell them what to do automatically. However, non-human organisms do not have moral values. What makes humans able to have moral values, but not other organisms? The fact that human beings have the ability to reason, which is the human means of survival. Human beings, unlike other animals, do not automatically know what to do. They have to develop a system of principles that will tell them how to achieve those things that they value, i.e., a moral code. Since this is the only legitimate purpose of morality, moral codes can be assessed by whether or not they are conducive to man's life, i.e., the life of the actor. In practice, this moral standard leads to a morality based on the virtues of rationality, productivity, and pride. Rationality means using one's mind to one's fullest ability in pursuit of one's values and eschewing evasion on any subject. Productivity means acknowledging that you have to work to live and creating the physical values that your life requires. Pride means always trying to improve yourself morally until you are perfect. These three virtues lead to an upward spiral, where rationality tells you what goals to pursue, productivity allows you to pursue the goals, and the pride you earn thereby encourages you to seek out new and higher challenges to your mind. Part 2: Objections Probably the most common misconception about egoism is that it would lead us to lie, cheat and steal whenever we can get away with it. This is not true, because a rational egoist will acknowledge that reality is an integrated whole where everything bears on everything else. You can never count on getting away with lying, cheating or stealing, because your deception will be contrary to reality, which means that there will be innumerable facts that will tend to give you away, creating significant risk whether the other person finds those facts or not. Even if you get away with your lie or theft, it will change you, creating a precedent in your mind for more lying, cheating or stealing in the future, and who knows if you will get caught then? If we are looking at reality and not evading it, then it is clear that we should adopt honesty as a principle that we always adhere to. (There is an exception to this in the case where Nazis are knocking on the door asking if you are hiding Jews in your basement, but such cases are very rare.) Another, related objection asks what an egoist would do if they were stuck in the middle of the ocean with another person on a life raft that could only hold one. The answer to this is that morality only applies to cases where long term survival is possible - in cases where long term survival is not possible, "life boat scenarios," no moral principles apply. This is because the purpose of morality is to tell us how to live, not to deal with bizarre cases that almost never occur, and a morality that could deal with all conceivable cases would be so abstract as to be useless. So, there is no rule about what an egoist has to do in a life boat scenario - in the scenario I just described, one could either let the other person on the life raft and allow oneself to drown, or one could fight the other person off to preserve one's own life. Neither choice is open to moral evaluation. To change my view about this, you must give a convincing objection to the argument for egoism in Part 1. Your case will be more convincing if you also provide a more compelling argument for a non-egoist morality. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!