Please note before reading: Please do not downvote my comments and replies on basis of disagreement. I've done several CMV's where I was the clear minority in terms of viewpoint, and got downvoted on nearly every post. Due to Reddit's karma system, this makes me wait a period of 7 minutes in between replies if my karma is low, and makes it more difficult for me to respond to everyone (the more karma you have, the less time you need to wait to post). If I act like a dick to you, act irrational, or say something logically fallacious, I implore you to downvote me, but I'd really like to be able to discuss with everybody and not be held back by my inability to reply (and consequently hear replies). Okay, onto my view. I'm not worried about the US government spying on citizens, for the following reasons. 1. I don't necessarily "have nothing to hide," but I don't expect that there is literally a person on a computer looking through what I post to Reddit, Twitter, and Facebook (or what porn I look at). I have some personal things I wouldn't want an actual person to know or look through, but I feel entirely comfortable with a machine using a CTRL-F function to search for terrorist activity, or other organized illegal activities since I don't commit any major crime. I know a lot of people are worried about the government seeing people torrenting things illegally or watching moviesshows illegally on the internet, but considering how widely this is done and how nonexistent people are prosecuted for it based on the governments ability to view all this, I'm not worried about it. I don't do drugs, but if I did and tried to buy drugs over FB or text, I doubt the government would even care. We have rtrees for instance, thousands of people openly doing minor illegal things and the government doesn't care enough to try and arrest them. 2. I remember hearing during Rand Paul's filibuster that there has been terrorist activity stopped by government spying on people. I think government spying still has an effect as a deterrent (terrorists can't use media to communicate, and therefore it makes terrorist activity harder to commit. I also heard during the filibuster that the government was using spying to take down organized crime. I'm not worried about that, considering I'm not involved in organized crime and therefore am not worried about it. (I'd like to point out here, that it's not really a view regarding sympathy or empathy towards criminals and what rights they should have to privacy, but simply my feeling of worry about being spied on). I don't view the NSA spying on druglords to be much different than wire taps or undercover officers. 3. In addition to the above, I have the view that Islamic extremism is, as of ISIS' international attacks (or extremist Muslims inspired by ISIS at least), a legitimate threat to the United States. There have been US citizens that have gone to fight for ISIS and local Islamic extremist attacks, and believe the US should be able to spy on their communications. They have claimed to have thousands of people in the US, and while that may be an exaggeration, I don't believe it to be unbelievable considering they have had 150 individuals that have travelled to Syria to fight for ISIS (Source: ). I would expect if many people are willing to take the trouble to travel to another country to fight others, it's not unexpected that they more would stay in the US to try and perform terrorist activity here considering it would be easier. 4. I'm not worried about the government knowing my political views. I broadcast them publicly on Facebook, and considering our country's devotion to free speech as well as multiple political parties, I don't view any dissent to be any threat to my well-being. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!