This guy sounds like a nice guy. He sounds like he's in a rut, a real rut, and I am genuinely sorry for him. But, I still want to examine his situation, and figure out, is this really a problem with the economy, with the government, or with bad decision making. Criticism 1: This guy is 37, and has a graduate degree, a wife and one son. Sounds good so far. But what is his graduate degree in? I can't quite tell from the article, but from one sentence near the bottom I believe it has something to do with Creative Writing... Why do people do this to themselves? Spend tens of thousands of dollars on literally POINTLESS degrees. The best writers in history, did not study it or get a graduate degree. I write in my spare time. Just read some good novels and try to emulate it. This is a hobby, or a job you take time off to do when you aren't struggling. Not a career. CMV Criticism 2: Marriage and kids... I don't know this guy's situation, and he is at an age in life when this makes more sense than in many other situations, but in my humble opinion you should not get married or have a kid until you are financially stable. PERIOD. He should have waited till they both had their visa to move, or he should have waited to marry till his wife could work. And he had the choice to have a kid, 3 choices in fact, the moment of, the morning after, and the first trimester. It is ridiculous and immoral to have a kid in this day and age when you can't afford one. CMV Criticism 3: Portland OR. I freakin' LOVE Portland. Looks so great! I lived in the west cost for 3 months and visited OR, unfortunately never saw the city, and I absolutely LOVE OR. However, where should you live if you don't have a lot to live off of? Not Portland. The West Coast has high taxes and a high cost of living. I have friends who are living quite well on 20k down here. It makes it easier, its not a fix it solution though. So, yes, living on 20k at 37yo with a wife and kid in Portland OR is a horrible situation. But my complaint is, how much of that damage is self inflicted? I still want to help the guy, but shouldn't he get a little criticism for all of this. Idk. CMV