I think in its deep essence, the education is the key factor that deters the violation and the destruction, and brings peace and prosperity to the world. By educating people, we could prevent most of the problems that we face these days. If there were proper education, the people would not turn bigots and kill each other for the sake their beliefs, they would not die of various preventable or curable diseases and they would not turn criminals. They would, instead, rationally look into their problems, and seek working solutions, and ultimately find them. They would understand what it means to be the member of a civilised society, and how everyone contributes to its prosperity as a whole, instead of blindly believing into mystical superbeing to solve their problems. Moreover, it would also be logically coherent if one got Nobel's Prize for nurturing Nobel laureates in Physics, Medicine, Chemistry and Economics. It is important to make a scientific breakthrough, but it is even more important to inspire upcoming generation to pursue science, and deliver the best of what science has achieved. There are many professors who may have not made a big contribution in science, but taught thousands who later became eminent scholars in their fields by pushing the bars of science further. Their indirect contribution to the science is enormous and may outweigh the contribution of other laureates. I would list the names of great educators and promoters of science such as Sal Khan (KhanAcademy), Andrew Ng (Coursera), Carl Sagan, Richard Dawkins, Neil deGrasse Tyson etc for this Nobel prize. I don't think that Nobel Prize's in Literature or Peace serve their ultimate purpose nowadays, as they became poltically biased. The winners of these prizes are chosen based on how they fit into the agenda of Western policymakers. Take Malala, for example. Yes, she did not get the Prize, but she has been nominated. What exactly has she done to bring education to her country? Absolutely, nothing, other than become a victim. What a medieval ignorant custom of making martyrs - heros? No, she is not a hero, yes, she could be considered as a martyr, and deserves compassion and help, but nothing more. But Western media constantly highlights this fact, idolising her courage, giving out all awards. Maybe this fact fits into West's political agenda, so they portray Pakistan as an evil place, and turn everyone against this country, instead of seeking solutions on how to make this country more educated, so people will not become a radical. Why is Snowden not the winner of this Prize? Because, his acts were not welcomed by Western politicians? He has even more courage than Malala, but in fact, through his courage he actually accomplished something which opened the eyes of millions. This absolutely deserves respect, and if we had awarded Nobel Prize for courage, Snowden have got it first. To sum up, these two awards are ridiculous that lost thier reputation, prone to political rigging, and has absolutely nothing in common with the ones given in science, which are by the way still the most respected awards in the field.