I strongly believe there is no person on planet Earth who is incapable of entering or avoiding any relationship with anyone based on anything to do with their bodies, inherently. Let me make an analogy: The human body is the person's car. Not a single car is identical, but a lot are very similar, and a lot are very different. If you are entering a relationship with the owner of a car, then that car barely matters. Sure, when you're driving with her its nice to have that car be pretty good, but it has no internal relevance to your relationship. Similarly, if I desire to cruise in a nicer car than yours, then there is absolutely no rational reason for the person I am in relationship with to be angry at me driving with another car other than that person's. If I hire a car to drive in, once again, that's my decision, and has no relevance to how I see the person with whom I am in a relationship. The car I drive with has no connection to how I see the person I am in a relationship with. The same with human bodies. This can also be expanded in every other idea that the human body is sacred: non-consensual violence inflicted on a human body is no different ethics-wise than a car accident. Same for mutilation and rape. Consensual acts such as: transsexualism, implants, bionics, tattoos, piercings, liposuction, organ donation, and any other thing anyone can think of where the human body is considered more important than a car that person drives. I do not intend to devalue or discredit any group mentioned, I merely do not agree to the idea one should not mess with the body. If you don't know what you're doing, then I agree you should probably seek professional assistance, but otherwise its your body, just as it is your car: it is merely a vehicle to drive through life. There is no inherent value to the human body on its own. Even if it is the car with which you drive 247, the permanency of death, without such a desire, it shouldn't be that different. Sure, its more severe, but it should be handled in the same way, but more severe. Not a zero-tolerance policy. Don't forget that a car accident can also end you up dead. To bring the analogy back, everyone is actually omni-sexual, its just the vehicle in which the person drives which puts you off. In that regard, there is nothing wrong for a man to start a relationship with an ugly women, and occasionally have intercourse with beautiful women. If it is consensual, than the other person has no more to say about it than she does about what car he wants to drive. In this example, it can go any way. Also, I want to make the difference between love making and having sex very clear: In the first, the primary goal is intimacy, in the second its sexual satisfaction. The second is not related to the person you are having sex with, unless you trained yourself to believe that. I want to make it very clear I do not support any non-consensual actions taken against a human body, but I do not believe the human body is sacred either. What body I like, has no relation to what person I like. There is nothing wrong about adjusting your body to better suit your personality, as long as you remain healthy. (the car must keep running, right?) Once again, not trying to devalue anyone, but to show how there is no rational argument against consensual, professional, healthy adjustment to the human body. CMV, please. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!