So, the hot thing on the internet right now is to bag on Ticketmaster and how it just absolutely ruins events. People constantly complain about getting hit with huge fees, and about the functionality of the site as a whole. However, I think Ticketmaster is an extremely revolutionary system and deserves way more praise than it gets. It seems that most people get angry about the convenience fees that Ticketmaster has been known to slap on its users. However, Ticketmaster is providing a very, very convenient service to its users. Think about it this way. If you buy a concert ticket that is 40, you'll likely pay around an 8 fee for it. If Ticketmaster didn't exist, you'd have to drive to the venue, wait in line at the box office, take a ton of time out of your day, and then drive all the way back home. For some people this just isn't possible. Ticketmaster makes it possible to buy tickets anywhere, and for this I'll gladly pay a small fee for it. Also, it seems like everyone rags on and on about how Ticketmaster is the devil when every other online ticketing site has fees as well. Also, as a site, Ticketmaster is incredibly easy to use. You can get on, get your tickets, and be done in less than five minutes. You can use the app to have the tickets on your phone, so you'll never have to forget about losing or forgetting your tickets. Now, it has been a rumor that TM is in bed with scalpers and the like. This is something that is pretty unfair, but I want to steer away from this topic and focus more on the fees which people constantly bitch about. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!