As western societies have modernized and industrialized, they have slowly begun shedding old-fashioned social taboos that never really made much sense in the first place. For example, sexism, or the notion that women have no place in the public sectors of business and government, and racism or the idea that different people are automatically born to menial positions in society because of the color of their skin. Just in very recent years, people have finally begun getting past homophobia, or the notion that gay, lesbian and transgender people should be denied rights and considerations which heterosexual people take for granted. But one area where old-fashioned social taboos are still relatively untouched is the area of dress codes. We judge one another based on how we dress, and we do so for the stupidest reasons. As the wiki explains: In practical use, dress codes are either followed intuitively or enforced by peer pressure, so that people wear similar clothing in the same situations. That doesn't tell you the half of it. Judgments about clothing are inflexible and automatic, with no appeal. For instance, if I were to go into work next week and announce that I have decided that I am a woman (I am a man), my colleagues would be supportive, enthusiastic and curious. However if I came to work wearing a [dashiki] and a [kufi] , they would assume I had lost my mind. If I came to work wearing a cape, underwear and cowboy boots I might face termination. The consequences of stepping outside accepted dress codes can be severe, and nobody thinks twice about the prejudices and odd assumptions that underlie our attitudes about clothing. In certain fields, for example business and law, failure of men to wear the standard western business suit or women to wear the Condoleeza-style western pantsuit can have dire if unofficial consequences. However talented or hardworking or good at your job you might be, you can quickly find yourself essentially ostracized, disrespected by your employers, clients and colleagues, mocked, and driven out of the profession. Almost exactly like a termite with foreign pheromones, your colleagues will turn on you and eat you alive. For fun, here's the famous scene in [American Psycho] that brilliantly satirizes our obsession with dress and dress codes. TL;DR - for all of western culture's progress in terms of getting rid of old prejudices, [western dress codes] ( (Western are almost absurdly driven by social prejudice and fear of what is strange, unusual or different. There's no actual benefit to having such inflexible dress codes, and therefore this needs to change. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!