I consider myself a moral nihilist under the definition of "there is no intrinsic truth to morality." I reject moral realism because I've never heard of a sound argument that underline any undeniable intrinsic truth to morality that is independent of people's opinions, time and place. When people ask me if killing is wrong I say of course it's wrong, but I am not able to provide solid reasons, or present any arguments for the 'intrinsic truth' to why killing is wrong. I simply believe that not killing people wins over killing people. No reasons provided. In this discussion, ultimately I hope to hear from moral realists under the definition of "there is intrinsic truth to morality" to challenge my moral nihilistic view. As long as "there is no intrinsic truth to morality" is not disproved, I don't find myself changing my view at all since I have a background in criticizing the norms of my own culture where people belief what they're told to believe and morality is one of those things I criticize. However, most importantly, through this discussion I hope to look at moral realism in a new light through convincing arguments and example that would at least make me consider moral realism, and not necessarily change my view. If it helps, imagine me in Descartes' position right now regarding the analytic method and his criticisms for the scholastics and the synthetic method, but only regarding morality. If you are going to use the example of killing people, you are going to need to explain to the extreme point where killing people is immoral is an undeniable truth because I will challenge every inherent and undefined idea. TL;DR - I am a moral nihilist, I do not agree with moral realism. This is my first post here so please be gentle Regarding 'delta', if I am able to give out more than 1 delta then there will be two deltas attached to my view. One delta will be granted for at least providing a sound argument that will let me shed new lights on the moral realism view. Another delta for actually changing my moral nihilism position. If I can only request for one delta to be granted then it would be for the latter reason. EDIT: Namely in response's uCurlaub's concerns (thanks). As many have suggested that I may not be a moral nihilist, and frankly I am willing to assume other viable positions too, I want to restate my main concern, and that is I do not believe there are any sort of morality that is inherently universal which is not dependent of matters that are subject to change. To my minimal knowledge regarding the subject, this doesn't seem to be mutually exclusive with anything but moral realism. Metaphysical and epistemological concerns are also being brought up and I don't know why. But if it's necessary then this is indeed something that I need to be educated upon because I did not think that my rejection for 'intrinsic truth of morality' would bring about something outside of the ethics circle. So far it's going very well and I am start to feel that I am getting somewhere. Thank you all very much for keeping up with me, your inputs are absolutely very valuable to me. EDIT2: As a result of all these great discussions below that makes me think about what I believe, I am beginning to suspect that what I am rejecting isn't something that is too common, and quite likely to be the case that there is a lot more to moral realism than I imagined to be since most people who have commented below tend to be either moral subjectivists or relativists. If it is indeed true that I am having the wrong percept of what I understood of the moral realists' to be 'intrinsic truth to morality' - that is, universal laws about ethics that are not even subject to different opinions, then I am willing to conclude that no one has changed my view because there are no views to be changed in the first place. But yet again, as a result of intense doubt, I am willing to doubt that I don't know what I am talking about, so I will continue to challenge those who attempts to change my view until we can come to a satisfying conclusion that demonstrates both proper understanding within the subject. EDIT 3 (probably final edit): The link provided by ufalsehood to which ukabrutos is the original author holds a very good argument. As I've stated as a response below, I may not be very satisfied but it is very likely due to the fact that I have no background in ethics at all. And with that being said I am also very most likely to be wrong on many definitions for the terms I used. As a result, As many of you have pointed out that I am probably not a moral nihilist to start with - the position I claim to be. And since that's wrong already I will conclude that "my view has changed" in twofold - first, I won't classify myself as a moral nihilist anymore (since I'm not one to start with according to you experts), and secondly, I am starting to see that the position moral realism (which I've probably misinterpreted to be 'intrinsic truth to morality', and I probably misinterpreted what that statement is supposed to mean in the first place). Thank you all very much, I truthfully inform everyone who has tried to change my view that I indeed am starting to look at all these different moral positions in a new light, especially for moral realism. You guys are eye-opening. As mentioned, this is my first post on CMV and I don't know how this delta thing works; am I supposed to copy and paste the triangle under someone's comment? And if no one else has any objections (since most of you seem to agree on the same idea), I am going to request this delta to be granted to top comment; however, I am wondering if it belongs to falsehood or Kabrutos. I await any inputs from you guys before I make the final decision. Again, it's very enlightening, thank you all very much. And for the record again, I love Jewish people, okay. Please! Just because I used the Hitler example does not mean I am a sinful genocidal antisemitic baby eater. My nature is intrinsically pure and loving and compassionate! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!