Humans have existed for tens of thousands of years before forming the first semblances of civilization. For the majority of that time, people, when confronted with people who are different, have this thought chain: (enemy tribe) (threat) (kill) Humans are civilized now, which is wonderful, but if placed under extreme duress, our dumb human brains will resort to the same caveman thought pattern (enemy tribe) (threat) (kill) The recent Ferguson issue has raised questions about how officers treat threatening individuals of different races. Officer Wilson may have used prejudice when under duress and reacting to Michael Brown, but it probably was unconscious instead of conscious. Had Brown been white, the officer might have treated him as one of his "tribe," but he didn't. There will always be deep-seated, mutual distrust between people who are of different races. It's not a white and black problem. It is a human problem with white and black consequences. America is the greatest experiment in multiculturalism in the history of humanity. The events in Ferguson have led me to doubt that things are going so well. I don't think this is a healthy view, so I'd like to hear what people have to say. EDIT- "how" EDIT2- I guess I should have said "racial harmony" instead of "multiculturalism" EDIT3- Hey everyone. Thanks for all the comments and the lively discussion! Keep in mind, I was not originally advocating for racial separation. I guess I just had these questions in the back of my head, and I wanted to see what folks had to say. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!