A bit of background, first: I am a university student, majoring in mathematics. I was raised to be interested in science and knowledge, and for the most part, you could say that I'm fairly sympathetic to the science-loving, skeptical, freethinking Redditinternet culture. However, one thing that I've never gotten into is the pop-science obsession with space. I roll my eyes when I see pretty photos of space posted on Facebook, usually from a group like I Fucking Love Science, often superimposed with an inspirational quote of some kind. [Here's a well-known parody of the kind of thing I'm talking about.] I've also never really put much effort into following news regarding the ISS or the Curiosity rover. As I said, I am majoring mathematics and I am interested in science. But when I think of the kinds of things I'm interested in, outer space doesn't really come to mind. Before posting this, I did some research on Google to try to figure out why space is interesting (i.e. I looked up the phrase "why is space interesting. Most of the answers seemed to revolve around two ideas: (1) Space is big. (2) Space has, like, neat things, that are made of stuff! As for (2), Earth has plenty of neat things that are made of stuff things that I can directly improve my life by learning about. As for (1) Idunno. Space is sort of big, I guess. There are plenty of famous visualizations of how big space is, like the film "Powers of 10" and the [Scale of the Universe] Flash thingy. But I've never found learning about space to be the humbling, awe-inspiring experience people describe it to be. People make a big deal about the "big" numbers involved when talking about astronomy (the universe is 14 billion years old, our galaxy has over 100 billion stars, [any line from that song from Monty Python's Meaning of Life] , etc). I've never been very impressed with these numbers. There are plenty of much, much bigger numbers that are more applicable to everyday life. Take, for example, [the number possible Tweets in the English language] , or [the number of ways to shuffle a deck of 52 cards] , or even [the number of steps a Busy Beaver Turing machine with 11,111 states will run before halting] . People say we should be amazed at how small we are. I don't agree. If anything, I'm amazed at how big we are. In the Scale of the Universe thing I linked to above, on a scale of "Planck length" to "Size of the observable universe," on a logarithmic scale, humans are slightly closer to the size of the universe than to the Planck length. As Richard Feynman said, [there's plenty of room at the bottom] , and I'm much more interested in learning about the particles I'm made of than in learning about a bunch of big lifeless spheres I'll never get to visit. The reason I wouldn't mind having my view changed on this is that it seems like a lot of people are getting a lot of enjoyment from learning about space, including some of my friends and family, and I'd hate to be missing out on the fun. Is there something I'm missing? EDIT: I'm going to go to bed soon, but I will be back tomorrow to read further replies. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!