I'm a vegan ready to be an omnivore again, but my morals are getting in the way. Convince me, CMV. Skip to the bottom for the TL;DR. I have been vegan for over 3 years now and initially went vegan strictly for the animals and for environmental reasons. The health benefits were just icing on the (vegan) cake. For the first year I felt amazing, especially compared to the way I felt before when I was eating so much junk food (soda, pizza, deep fried foods, white flour, lots of sugar, etc.). I almost immediately shed 12 lbs. and lost another 20 or so once I worked at it. I had a lot more energy and my skin was a lot less oily to boot. But for the past 2 years I've been getting more and more tired to the point where I can't make it through the day without a 4-hour nap, despite sleeping at least 8 hours a night. Every morning I wake up feeling like I never slept in the first place and it takes me an hour to drag myself out of bed. I am constantly exhausted and I actually thought that maybe it was because of my hypothyroidism but I am on medication and my thyroid levels are normal now. I'm also almost b12 deficient, despite eating b12 supplements like candy and I can't afford the shots. I am 50 lbs heavier now than I've ever been, (despite eating healthfully; lots of raw and cooked fruit and veg, whole grains, nuts, seeds, etc.) because I am hungry all the time no matter what I eat or how much food I eat or what my fatproteincarb ratios are that day (eating more nuts, avocados, oils and beans for more protein and fat has never helped me). My doctor told me that my "good cholestrol" levels are low too, whatever that means. I've even tried low-fat high-carb raw vegan (801010) for a month eating tons of raw fruit, smoothies, juices, etc. and no matter how much of those foods I stuffed into my body I still felt this aching hunger and intense cravings for savory, hot foods that ultimately made that diet fail. I have been researching nutrition for the past four months or so and, while I am no expert, I personally feel that the healthiest diet for me and a lot of people is an omnivorous diet that is mostly plant-based with some animal products. I am personally ready to eat bivalves (oysters, clams, scallops, mussels, etc. that are nonsentient and awesome sources of b12, zinc, omega 3s and such) and eggs from pastured chickens who haven't had their beaks chopped off and are certified humane. I have no ethical qualms about this, but I'd like to be able to maybe include other types of fish into my diet as well and maybe more in the future if I feel okay about it. The health problems I have that I can't seem to be able to fix on my diet that I believe may be able to be fixed or at least lessened by including some animal products are my extreme fatigue, dizziness, trouble concentrating (work, study, tv, books, everything), sleep problems (can't get a good night's sleep), digestive issues (that might be related to gluten which I have cut from my diet now), exacerbated depression (despite being on medication that used to work for me), cold all the time (regardless of season, with house heat and a space heater on, with and without clothes on), hypothyroidism, daily headaches, monstrous hunger that causes me to binge, muscle pains, brittle nails and the huge weight gain brought on by monstrous hunger. For the most part, these are things I never had before going vegan and I am a very young woman (23 years old). But I still feel morally icky about it, despite being convinced I need to do this for my health. This is where you guys come in. Change my view! Convince me that eating animals isn't morally wrong and is healthy. NOTE: I am not saying a vegan diet can't work out; it absolutely can! What I am saying (and how I have always felt) is that a vegan diet isn't for everyone and doesn't work for everyone. Please don't use this post as an excuse to invalidate veganism for people it works for or to act like because it doesn't work for me or other people we must not be trying hard enough. TL;DR: I've been vegan for 3 years for the animals, health benefits were great the first year but I've developed a myriad of health issues in the past 2 years that my well-planned vegan diet isn't helping. I'm ready to add some animal products back into my diet (at least pastured eggs and bivalves at first, maybe more later) for my healthnutrition only but I'm having trouble feeling morally okay about it. Convince me that it isn't wrong to eat animal products!:)