SPOILERS FOR ANYONE WHO HASN'T PLAYED EPISODES 4 AND 5 of THE WALKING DEAD GAME SEASON 2. SERIOUSLY DON'T READ THIS IF YOU HAVEN'T PLAYED IT. So, to those of you who played the latest episodes, you know who Arvo is. He's the Russian kid whose group you get into a shootout with. Clementine ends up shooting his reanimated sister, much to his horror. He's then led around by an abusive Kenny who beats him twice. The first time in the woods was completely unnecessary, and the second time was too (he didn't lie about the food or the house - and Luke's death was gonna happen anyways). By that point in the game, everyone was afraid of Kenny. He was clearly teetering on the edge of sanity, and Jane even mentions how Clementine may be the only one who can bring him back before he totally loses it. So when he shoots Clementine, everybody lost their shit. IIRC he was voted the most hated character this season, even moreso than Carver. [There's even a whole sub dedicated to his hate now.] A lot of it is just circlejerking, but reading the discussion of these latest episodes on the net shows that a lot of people really did hate the kid for it. But I think they're missing something really important...something Telltale Games seemed to spent a really long time trying to hammer into our heads. After Clementine was shot and started dreaming about the RV ride with Lee, Clementine asks Lee "why Lilly shot Carley (or Doug, depending on your playthrough) " and Lee mentions how Lilly "was sad." "That can make people angry sometimes." One of the responses is "have you ever been that angry?" To which Lee responds "one time." Presumably he's referring to when he murdered a state senator for sleeping with his wife, which was undoubtedly a crime of passion. Lee even mentions how people's actions might not make sense, "because bad things happen to everybody." So I think with all the bad things that happened to Arvo, him shooting Clementine doesn't warrant all the hate he's getting. We all love Lee even though he did something just as bad; we can't judge Arvo for what little we've seen of him especially in his state. tl;dr: convince me to join the "Fuck Arvo" train