Edit 3: [ugrapeban] 'd me by providing [this 2005 study] from the London Metropolitan University by way of the British Home Office. In it, you will find quantitative as well as qualitative data regarding sexual assault allegations as they go start to finish through the British justice system. They place the overall rate of false allegations in their time period at 2.9. Pages 35-77, "Understanding Attrition" are particularly illuminating. They reveal, in overwhelming majority, a process that is simply incredibly hard to go through, one in which accusers are heavily doubted from the outset, in which genuine-seeming allegations are recanted due to police pressure (especially those coming from disadvantaged people), and in which a false allegation would be burned into a husk in micro-seconds. My view is changed to agree with the 2-8 rate for false allegations that end up in front of the police. Thanks so much to Grape and to all who joined the discussion! OP below: I have been struck by the bloggers and talking heads all repeating the 2 figure, while at the same time I was reading accounts by trial lawyers who all seemed to place the rate much higher. With no agenda, I grew curious about this statistic and checked into it. The overwhelming consensus is that the 2 rate is a fiction. There is no extant study that comes to a conclusion of 2. It was an anecdotal figure, possibly from the 1970s, that got bounced around the academic echo chamber until it gained artificial weight. Check [here] for a good overview of the issue. The [FBI] puts the rate of "unfounded" allegations at 8. It should be remembered, however, that the FBI collects that data by simply polling police departments nationwide, and each department has its own threshold for "unfounding" an allegation, which adds a lot of murkiness to the figure. I think the 8 rate tells us more about police procedures than anything concrete about the actual amount of false claims. Nevertheless, the 8 rate means that rape allegations are deemed unfounded four times more often than allegations of any other crime. A [peer-reviewed study] that I consider quite convincing was performed in 1994 by a Eugene Kanin of Purdue University. He studied one town from the years of and two universities from the years of . In all three of those places, violent felonies were rare and all rape allegations were pursued to closure. The only basis for unfounding an allegation was the recantation of the accuser. The false accusation rate was 41 in the town and 50 between the two universities. The consensus also seems to be that the overall number of false claims will always be a "dark," i.e. unknowable, figure. That is certainly true, although I think Kanin's study comes the closest to shedding real light on that figure. I think we are looking at something closer to Kanin's figures, maybe a little lower generally speaking, as the real rate of false claims. TL;DR The 2 rate is a fiction, the 8 rate is based on partly flawed data collection, and I am growing more convinced by a 40 rate as studied by a professor from Purdue. Edit 1: added FBI source link. Edit 2: although I don't mind that some of my responses below are being down voted, some of the meatier portions of the debate are now hidden. Please don't overlook [this thread] if you want to catch some of the best discussion. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!