Many people I've seen - both in real life and on reddit make this defense of their views, and I don't see the argument as one that holds any water. Racism is damaging because it can manifest in violence and unfair treatment towards certain groups and individuals. When basing your treatment of people on some stereotype, there is a danger - sometimes more, sometimes less - for it to be wrong. And when it is wrong, it can cause harm - sometimes more, sometimes less. The fact that there is a potential for this harm is one of the reasons why racism is bad. Note here that I don't think people are very good at drawing up accurate stereotypes either, and base it on confirmation biases. It's easy to justify one's behaviour towards other groups by attaching some characteristics to them that one believes justifies such behaviour. But even if the stereotype were accurate, one could still be racist by penalising someone for simply being part of a group whether or not they share the characteristics in question. Edit: If it isn't clear - here is another illustration of the view 0 Claim is racist Claim is Not Racist Stereotype is "true" Stereotype is "false" A claim can lie in any one of those boxes My claim is that whether something is right and whether something is racist are orthogonal. The fact that something is right doesn't make it less racist. Edit: To those who wish to nitpick, I mean true enough. Maybe you are happy employing the stereotype when X of a population is a certain way. Picking on this isn't really going to change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!