The prime directive states that starfleet cannot interfere with the development of other cultures. The theory being that they will do more harm than good. Except there are some cases where that is clearly not true. Boraal II was completely destroyed, and all of its inhabitants would have been killed, except that a member of the federation interfered (TNG "Homeward. Or in Star Trek: Into Darkness when Spock saves an entire planet. There are cases where a little help is actually harm. "Cogenitor" (Enterprise) comes to mind. But to me the real moral is to provide aid intelligently, not willy nilly, and not just completely avoid it. Somehow when a culture develops enough technology then trade and aid can commence, and somehow that isn't interference. Janeway interferes pretty strongly with the Ocampa and Kaison. True the caretaker involved Voyager, but I don't see how that gives them permission to do anything they like. It seems to me the prime directive is about keeping the Federations hands clean. Better to let a civilation kill itself than to have it merely wound itself but be able to lay some of the blame on the Federation. To me that is selfish, they're just trying to preserve their own appearance. One could argue that it's selfish and reasonable, that the Federation shouldn't get involved in other peoples affairs because it should look after itself and it's own people, and I don't necessary disagree. But that's not typically the justification offered, and they shouldn't pretend a principle is altruistic when it's selfish. Feel free to use real-world examplesarguments, the same ideas come up in current events all the time. edit: A few people have said that the prime directive applies to pre-warp civilizations only. It can seem that way but it isn't true. The way it is commonly interpreted, they avoid any contact with pre-warp civilizations because any contact would be considered interference (by letting them know aliens exist and warp is possible). In "The Omega Directive" Tuvok cautions Janeway that she is about to violate the prime directive, and what she is doing definitely involves a warp civilization (oddly enough she's following a secret directive which supercedes the prime directive). In "Symbiosis" Picard uses it as a justification for providing supplies to two warp civilizations. Interpreting the Prime Directive is more difficult in some situations than others. I have more to say, this has been enlightening, but I'm still at work.