I believe it is unethical for anyone to choose to bring a child into existence. Not just people who are unfit to be parents, not just because there are already children who need to be adopted, not even because of overpopulation rather, choosing to conceive is always morally wrong. My reasoning goes: A non-zero number of people will experience more pain than happiness in their lives, and some of these people will prefer not have been born. Bringing those people into existence condemns them to suffering, which is morally wrong. I do not believe you are doing any harm to a person by never causing them to exist. However, you are doing harm to someone by causing them to experience suffering. David Benatar calls this the asymmetry thesis: The presence of pain is bad; the absence of pain is good. The presence of pleasure is good; but the absence of pleasure is not bad. (A good summary of Benatar is here: ). Following this, even if there were a 99.9 chance your child would be happy and a 0.1 chance it would be sad, it is still wrong to take the risk. Having a happy child is not a moral imperative, but not having an unhappy child is a moral imperative. In other words, bringing someone who enjoys life into existence may be supererogatory, but not bringing someone who would rather not be alive into existence is obligatory. ... I anticipate these counterarguments: 1. The majority of people are glad to be alive, making the morality of conception a net positive. 2. Doing good and preventing bad should be considered symmetric; you do equal harm by not providing a potential person a good life as you do by causing a person to live a bad life. Here are my responses: 1. I don't know how many people prefer existence over nonexistence or vice-versa. But even if the number favoring existence far outweigh the number favoring nonexistence, this does not justify conception. Compare it to this (admittedly imperfect) analogy: If you could press a button that had a 99.9 chance of causing your friend to be happy until hisher death, and a 0.1 chance of making himher suffer until death, would probably still think it was wrong to push the button, at least without the consent of the friend. The child you conceive does not consent to suffering or the possibility of suffering, so I view conception to be an equally unethical gamble. No matter the likelihood of a positive outcome for the child, the possibility of any negative outcomes makes conception morally wrong. 2. The difference is whom the harm is being done to. By not creating a good life, you only harm somebody who doesn't exist. So, this can't really be considered significant harm. By creating a bad life, you harm someone who does exist. So, this harm can be considered significant. (This is essentially the variabilist solution. More here: ) TL,DR removed because it seemed to be misleading some people. In his papers, Benatar also argues that non-existence is always preferable to existence this is not my view.