Cue the drama. I know this is a hot button topic from all sides and in all different directions, but today I've tentatively cemented (yeah, there's a useful description:P) my position that religious thought is incompatible with scientific thought at its core. To begin I'll lay it out like this: 1. Religious thought encourages us to seek information in a manner that is consistent with our religious views. For many people, this is referencing their holy booksteachings. For others, this is referencing their feelings about the way the universe looks, otherwise known as that amorphous feeling of spirituality. 2. Science is a specific manner of testing what we think we know to ascertain the degree to which we can be confident in said knowledge. The whole institution is based on the idea that the individual is fallible, but the group reduces this weakness. The larger the amount of repeat testing, the more confident we can justifiably become. 3. While the two worldviews can certainly coexist in many ways at best, they inherently are incompatible because they seek the truth in differnt manners at their cores. If one values both manners of "obtaining knowledge" about the world, one inevitably has to decide which view informs the other and thus which is more reliable. In other words, if the two conflict in some way, or if there is some unknown factor that science cannot yet explain, the individual subscribing to both worldviews must decide whether to believe that science can explain the unexplained or if religion is the explanation. The former is more open to expanding one's knowledge the latter is content to stick with the current knowledge it has an ascribe "god" to it. I say all this simply because many people claim the extremes on this topic; that either science inherently refutes religion (or vice versa) or that they are compatible and can peacefully coexist. I believe that at best they can leave each other alone, but even vague deistic thought will inevitably invade into scientific thought simply because it proposes its own explanations where science has not yet been able to. Full disclosure: I'm a tiny bit drunk and about to go to bed so I apologize if I don't respons right away or slightly regret they way I've phrased this view in the morning:) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!