First order of business: Definition of terms. Artificial Intelligence: I mean this in a more Computer-Science way than a Hollywood way. Self-awareness is not required and perhaps not even preferred. What these AIs would be is capable of making governmental decisions using nothing but relevant raw data. For example an AI that could take a feed of information about resources, economic trends, etc and independant of human action determine a course of action for resource distribution and production that would be reasonable close to optimal would be the sort of AI I'm talking about here. Govern: Act as the legislative and executive branch more or less. Create plans based on known information that, when executed, produce the most favourable results. To really reap the benefits of this system the majority of the economy is fair game for AI planning. Private factories, farms, or other production organizations would be subject to optimization by the AIs. As well as the example above I'd also use examples like: determine resource-allocation and priorities for various govenrment agencies like what roads should be repaved and when, when and where public transportation extensions will be made, what products should be made in what quantity, etc. At least for now I'd leave a lot of what's often considered the judicial branch's domain to human beings, and also some of the more fundamental legislation. Human rights and most moral decisions are still something determined by humans, as is convicting someone of a crime. Something that's moral in this context means it's not a choice that can be determined solely with solid fact. This would mean that humans get to decide if, say, marijuana should be legal, but the AIs get to determine how to best deal with those convicted based on information about different techniques of rehabilitiation of criminals, recidivism rates for various types of criminals, etc to optimize for fewest reoffenders. Govern The Earth: I don't mean one massive AI in charge of all of Earth, but rather numerous independant AIs working collectively either at the global or smaller level. I would personally have at least 3 AIs for every domain that form a decision making organization. I do mean the whole Earth should be under such systems though. Second order of Business: Why? Human beings are woefully inadequate at self-governance as has been shown time and time again by numerous governemnts on numerous occassions all throughout history. Besides the usual sort of example of this I'll go for one of the less mentioned ones - economic practices. An AI with a huge input of historical trends, predictions and pure logic can create far more accurate assessments of what should be made to best deal with future needs and can complete this in a minute fraction of the time it takes for humans to attempt to estimate future market demands. These predictions can also be reassessed regularly and production adjusted to match, and even when a surplus or deficit may crop up AIs would be much more suitable than humans to determine the best course of action to either exportimport to other markets or alter the demand for the goods in question. AIs responsible for the markets, not being responsible for profits, also have a massive advantage over the most of the world's economic system because raw goods are not being handled by private corporations just out for profit or a corporation headed by a government just out to get re- elected. These AIs, rather, can predict the rate at which the resource is replinishing and the predicted remaining stock and use that information to prioritize reforestation, surveying, research into alternatives, or whatever else as the case may be. So, CMV. EDIT Also AIs can learn over time. Can't believe I forgot that. If what worked 10 years ago is suddenly slipping, for example, an AI would attempt to discern whether the faltering effectiveness is due to some changing variable over time, just a chance occurrence, or what have you.