Many people on Reddit blame the British, and others, for strife around the globe due to how modern-day country borders are drawn. The argument is that if borders were drawn along ethnic and religious lines, there would be less violence. Example: Iraq's current borders include Shiites, Sunnis, and Kurds. If country borders were drawn to decrease diversity, as many on Reddit espouse, repression and even genocide within countries would be much greater as the majority represses the much smaller minorities. Also, wars between countries would be more prevalent due to the country's populations lacking diversity and tolerance of others. Drawing country borders in Africa and the Middle East, with the goal of decreasing diversity, would only result in larger wars, more repression and greater loss of life. CMV. edit: Alright, so there are some responses here stating that limiting diversity within a country is good. I disagree with this. It might be a short-term solution to problems, but in the long term it will just lead to suffering on a much larger scale. Here is one of many example scenarios to explain why: The colonial country borders in the Middle East are no more. We now have three major regions: Sunni, Shiite, and Kurdish. These three regions begin to persecute minorities within their borders, and the populations become more and more homogeneous. Diversity is no longer present. This persecution of minorities leads to animosity between the larger regions. Highly homogeneous populations often lead to strong nationalism, especially when radicalized religion is present. We have seen it in the past. Alright, so we have three main bodies in the Middle East now. Tension builds between the Shiite and Sunni blocks. The United States pulls out of the region due to budget cuts in defense. With this pullout, each block is on its own so they begin to militarize. One side buys or develops a nuclear weapon. When this occurs, a new nuclear arms race begins in the Middle East. Within 10 years, radicalized countries on both sides now hold hundreds of nuclear weapons each. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!