CMV: View to change: Russian entertainers should not use, parody, copy, or otherwise incorporate English language media from American entertainers because point 1) it is done with little or no understanding of the original material and point 2) when they do the execution is pathetic and loathsome. Attempts by Russian speaking singers, talk show hosts and others to talk about the American entertainment industry are poorly done. Most of the time the singers are terrible because they do not speak or understand English. Talk show hosts do not have the correct information about celebrity news or do not understand the context in which events take place (for example: asserting that point A. Jennifer Lopez is from Spain and point B. that some contestant on a song trial show sounds exactly like J.Lo). While the idea about globalization of culture as part of Globalization may apply here, I am asserting with confidence from personal experience that what Russian entertainers do is done without context or understanding of the subject matter. Maybe a poor understanding or an odd expert exists but I have not seen that as a major or permanent feature. It is not an example of cultural appropriation because everyone understands the rightful ownership culture (USA). Instead, incorporation of English language American popular media is seen as "American" and separate from Russian artists or performers. In fact, its otherness is seen as an attractive feature. Russian entertainment industry has changed somewhat since the '90s but featured and well known artists are still present on the scene. Addition of American material is seen as an addition to variety but in my view that is not a good reason if the execution is terrible and no one understands what is being sung or discussed. If there is a "demand from the public" to incorporate routines, songs and popular culture from abroad, more specifically America, then it serves to belittle and marginalize the Russian entertainment industry by exaggerating the lack of variety, stale material, lack of new original artists, etc. If this is the case, which is my view then Russia's entertainment industry should bring in more new artists and try to find a new sense of purpose. Although this discussion may touch on Russian identity, global savvy and citizenship, and what have you, nope, I simply think that Russian entertainers are really bad at copying American cultural properties and that improving their performance is the wrong way to go. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!