Without getting specific as to which ones are worse or denying the necessity of anti-virus software in general for you know, viruses. The secondary purpose (to me at least) of such programs is to keep your computer clutter free from adware, popups, and generally keep it running smooth and fast. While this not being as bad as getting a Trojan, if your internet usage is kept relatively simple by mainly visiting places like Reddit and such, many if not all free AV software hit you with a constant barrage of auto-updates, mini scans, and popups for "discounted offers" to upgrade that in effect, slow your computer down more than anything. This only gets worse when trial offers expire and you now have popups AND nothing protecting you. Yes, I know there are work arounds such as changing settings and uninstalling when expired, but this isn't the point. Besides, sometimes, this won't even work. Currently, for example, one noted AV software is running a "World Cup Promotion" and constantly pops up an ad about it. Not saying this is horrible, but I'm starting to feel like the programs are becoming more and more malware like every day. EDIT: Let me share that AVG, Norton, Avast, AdAware are on the list of AVs I would fit into this category. I have experienced either frequent popups, constant PC lagging updates or unwanted scans from all of these recently. Thing is, most or all of these never gave me a problem in past years. 2ndly, I fully understand they "want" you to buy upgrades, and that's fine. It's how they go about it that matters. 3rd, Let me make a side comparison to some actual adware. Let's try Conduit Search engine. Not malicious but surely invasive. Easy to get rid of too. But what does it do? It changes your default homepage and search engine mainly. Neither of these are hard to fix nor is getting rid of it (which you have to do to keep you changes). I can akin most AV software to this, confirmed malware, for the level of interference it delivers. Granted, AV software is downloaded voluntarily and actually does serve a positive purpose. But my argument was that the freetrial AV software was "nearly" as bad in some aspects.