People complain about political correctness all the time and some, I think, genuinely feel that it is something oppressive. For example, a lot of anti-gay people complain about how it's not fair that they're not "allowed" to express their opinions about gay people without being judged. People who support the Redskins team name think it's unfair that people think they should give up their team name just because some people find it offensive. However, to me, it seems like demanding to be allowed to be "politically incorrect" sounds a lot like asking to be able to insult people without them thinking you're a jerk. Part of having manners is sometimes neglecting your own comfort for the comfort of others. For example, you may like chewing with your mouth open or picking your nose, but you might not want to do that in front of other people because it's gross, and living in society means you have to make some concessions for others. I don't think, if you insisted that you should be able to chew with your mouth open at the dinner table, that you have a right to be offended when no one invites you to dinner parties. Similarly, if I were to walk up to a stranger and insult their outfit, that person would have every right to think I was an asshole. For me, this is where the "well, you should be tolerant of my intolerance!" argument falls apart. Because I don't think unkindness is a thing that should be tolerated. Asking someone to not walk up to someone and insult their outfit is a lot different than thinking the person that does that is a jerk. I think political correctness is important in the same way I think manners are important. I think we all need to at least put a decent effort forth into not actively trying to hurt people's feelings because we think it makes us look cool and edgyand I think if we do hurt someone's feelings, we shouldn't try to make it into a thing where we act as though they are oppressing us for saying we shouldn't do that. EDIT- So far I haven't really changed my view, although I find a lot of this interesting. I think what I'm starting to think is that if we thought of being PC as simply being considerate and kind to people, it might be a better place to work from than where we're working from now. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!