I've been reading the recent top thread about organ donation and couldn't find a good place to jump in with my opinion, I made a new thread. A large majority of the comments in the organ donation thread rely on the argument that "you" have a right to decide what happens to your body. I, however, would say that there is no "you" to even have rights. You are dead and gone. In one comment, someone made the comment that you must lose rights to your body at some point. Eventually, you decompose, your bones are ground to dust, and the molecules that make you up are scattered about the earth. It is highly probably that some of the molecules that make up your body once made up the body of Julius Caesar. Should Mr. Caesar have the right to decide what happens to those molecules? No. That would be ridiculous. I simply say that the point when "you" lose those rights is immediately after death. Anticipating some objections Possessions and wills - I still support the idea of distributing your possessions as you wish via a will. This does not contradict my view, as the will can be viewed as taking effect immediately before death and not after. Your body is not your possession in the usual sense. You possess it while you are alive, but after you are dead there is no "you" to possess it any more. Religious arguments - I am not religious and I support the complete separation of church and state. To me, what this means is that no law can include any sort of religious beliefs in its justification. "Some people believe their immortal soul will be destroyed if their body isn't treated in a certain way" is a religious justification, and I don't think it can be used to determine laws. I can't think of any other justifications for giving dead people rights in the eyes of the law, but I'm open to suggestions. How this relates to organ donation - I would vote for mandatory organ donation. No opting at all. Lets say 5 people can be saved by the organs of one body. By not using the organs, the are losing their right to life. And this is an attempt to give rights to a person that I don't even believe exists, because they are dead. That seems nonsensical to me. Making organ donation optional for the purpose of not freaking people out - In some places, if organ donation were made mandatory, people would leave, or take some other drastic and undesirable action. Possibly a large fraction of people. This is a good reason for making organ donation optional, but it has nothing to do with rights and everything to do with practicality. Funerals - I don't believe people have the right to have their body disposed of in a way they desire. If they (or their family) has the money to do something specific with their body, they are free to do so, however, nobody should be under any obligation to give them a specific burial or anything like that. "But wait," you might say, "how are they free to have a burial of their choice if their organs get harvested?" and this is a good question. I view dead bodies as a natural resource. If the resource is useless, as most bodies are, it can be returned to the family. If it is extremely useful, as some bodies are (anything that can save 5 lives falls into the category of extremely useful in my opinion) then the useful parts should be used, and the rest can be returned to the family, after reasonable effort is put into making the body presentable. One last, simpler reason for my belief Inanimate object do not have rights. Dead bodies are inanimate objects. Therefore, dead bodies have no rights. A lamp or a tree does not have the right to determine how it gets used, why should a dead body?