This post was inspired by [this article] First of all I think sagging is a terrible fashion choice. I have never done it in my life. But the title pretty much says it all. I think these laws are really silly at best, and downright racist at worst. Youth has always used fashion to rebel, to mark itself as different from the older generation. When everyone who sags now grows up and becomes the establishment the next trend will come along, and people will be whining about society is degrading and trying to pass laws against it. I will reply to several common arguments used to support these laws: - This style of dress is associated with gangs and crime. This argument is extremely illogical. Wearing red or blue is also associated with gangs, should that be banned? Is there any kind of evidence whatsoever that indicates that crime will be reduced by legally restricting clothing? Murder, gangs, and drug smuggling were far worse in the 20s and 30s when everyone wore suits. And, sorry to tell you, crime will still be happening in the year 3000 when everyone wears one piece cybernetic body suits. - It is immodest. It must be really hard for one to deal with daily life if the mere sight of a man's boxers is enough to disturb one's morals. But regardless it is not illegal to go in public wearing a swimsuit. Nor it is illegal to wear shorts commando (with no underwear) both if which are the same thing as sagging pants. It is illogical to create legal restrictions against one thing, but not against something else which essentially the same. - Sagging pants are disgusting I don't want to see it. So? It's America, if you don't like it then don't look. I don't want to see cargo pants, fedoras, or dudes wearing purple skinny jeans but I'm not trying to pass a law against it. - The law protects young black men from police harrasment How exactly? By providing the police with an additional legal tools to harass them? If the problem is police misconduct then the solution is reforming the police department, not turning them into the fashion police. I'm excited to see if you can CMV EDIT: According to the book The 12 Caesars by the ancient Roman historian Suetonius, a young rebellious Julius Caesar used to wear 'loose clothes' to piss off the conservative Roman elders. So this crap has been happening for literally thousands of years. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!