I always say people touting out the "language changes, deal with it" line whenever there's a complaint about people using "literally" wrong. However, most change in language makes things more clear by adding new terms for things that people need to describe. Using "literally" wrong does the opposite. It renders the word meaningless, creates a lexical gap, and makes the English language that much less clear. For clarity's sake, I'm going to be talking about two definitions. The right or original definition of "literally" means "not in metaphor nor figuratively." The wrong or new definition of literally I'm referring to is the opposite; "metaphorically, or figuratively." I'm paraphrasing slightly [from the dictionary definitions] but keeping the spirit. The reason that the wrong definition is so bad is that it means the negation of the right definition. And when somebody uses the word "literally," it's unclear whether they're talking about the original definition or the new definition. So when someone says, for example "my friend literally stabbed me in the back," it either means "my friend stabbed me in the back, and I don't mean that as a figure of speech but rather that they placed a literal knife into my back." (with the original definition) or they mean "my friend stabbed me in the back, but in a figurative way. They didn't really put a knife into my back." (with the new definition). Since it's unclear, the sentence essentially means (to the listener), "my friend stabbed me in the back, and that either is a figure of speech or it isn't." The problem is that the last part, "that is a figure or speech or it isn't" is true and always implied whether you say or not. In that sense, this sentence means the same thing as "my friend stabbed me in the back." The word "literally" adds no new information and doesn't make the sentence any clearer. It is rendered useless. And since it's rendered useless, that creates a lexical gap. The word "literally" (in its correct definition) was a very useful word. Often times, you can find yourself describing something that sounds like a metaphor or a figure of speech, but did literally happen. And the word "literally" is useful for letting people know that it isn't a figure of speech, without having to go through the tedium of saying "and I don't just mean that as a figure of speechmetaphor." There is no other word that fills this purpose now, and the English language is poorer and less clear for its loss. Most changes and evolutions in language don't have this problem. CMV. EDIT: Responses to common arguments: "It will be clear from context which definition people mean." If it's clear from context whether they mean a literal "literally" or a new definition "literally," then it would also be clear without the word "literally" there at all. The word is still adding no information to the sentence. However, in those situations where it is unclear whether someone us using a figure of speech or not, the word "literally" will make things clear, only if it just has the one meaning. "Literally is an intensifier; it doesn't mean non-literally." This is another way of looking at it, but it doesn't really disprove the over-all point I'm making. If "literally" has another meaning as an intensifier, then it is still going to be unclear which one you're using in pretty much any sentence where it would be unclear if it means "non-literal," since an intensifier can be added to pretty much any sentence. It's still making things unclear; just in a different way. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!