I'm an American who lives in Korea, which is sometimes called the "plastic surgery capital of the world." There are at least 4,000 plastic surgery clinics in Seoul alone, and according to a 2009 survey, 1 out of every 5 Korean women aged 19-49 have had some kind of plastic surgery. Eye surgery is very common here, and cheap at about 2000. Parents often pay for this surgery as an incentive for their children to do well in school. Some people will inject something into their lower eyelids to create a "cute" puffy look. Nosejobs and facial fat reduction are very common. Many women have jaw surgery, either to file down the bones for a slimmer look, or opt for double-jaw surgery, where both upper and lower jawbones are literally cut apart and rearranged. This is all a huge culture shock for me. I understand there is intense pressure for a woman to look beautiful, and double that in Korea. But to me, this is all horrifying. Here is a [tower made of shaved jawbones] erected in one of Gangnam's plastic surgery clinics. That's some Warhammer 40K shit right there. Your face is something unique, something your parents gave you, and to use power tools to peel your flesh back and saw your bones to make you "pretty" just feels completely wrong to me. I feel strongly about some things being "natural." It doesn't mean I ride a bike to work or keep compost in my back yard, but I feel like a person's face is something very special, and preserving the natural-ness is very important. I don't cringe when I see blood and gore, but if someone's face is mangled I feel incredibly disturbed. Our face and its expressions are a major way we present ourselves to and communicate with the world. We have sayings like "just another face in the crowd" because in many ways, our face is who we are. I think that Maori face tattoos are very cool because they still look like the same person and it's more about culture and less about beauty, but to reshape your face with surgical instruments is wrong. I'm dating a girl, and I recently found out that she had plastic surgery. I feel strange if I tell her she's pretty now, because it's not the face she was born with - a doctor