If you identify as a feminist, I am especially interested in hearing from you in this matter. [Sexism.] [Feminism.] Preamble The following is what I hold to be true, and while all my views are up for debate, the opinions in this preamble are not up for debate right here, right now; If you disagree any of these and you can not argue under the temporary assumption that they are true, you might as well save yourself the effort. 1) Both men and women are systematically disadvantaged by American society based on gender. Men have it better for historical reasons, but not by much. To mitigate the vagueness of the previous sentence, I submit that it would clearly be absurd to say, "Men in America have it twice as good as women." Statistically, men have better, but not that much better. 2) Given 1), that both genders are systematically disadvantaged based on gender, any attempt to achieve gender equality that ignores either gender is prejudicial, and therefore by definition sexist. 3) As a clarifying amendment, I enthusiastically acknowledge that in the past, women were systematically oppressed legally and culturally to such a great extent that prejudicial treatment was not only good, not merely necessary, but absolutely unavoidable. Men had so many more rights and privileges than women that it was unarguably counter-intuitive to address any institutional discrimination against them before solving dozens of egregious offenses against women; however, we no longer live in that world, and we haven't for at least twenty years. If you disagree with any of this and you want to address it, feel free to PM me. If I find you engaging and your argument novel andor compelling, I will discuss it with you. Statement in question I think it's fairly clear that feminism as practiced in America today is a sexist ideology despite its insistence that it is not. I'm not aware of a single feminist group that has protested for or contributed financially to a purely men's rights cause, or for a men's rights cause purely for the benefit of men; this is a problem, because I constantly encounter feminist organizations protesting for and contributing financially to purely women's rights causes, or to women's rights causes purely for the benefit of women. If this is true, then according to 2) in the preamble, feminism is a sexist organization. I will easily be convinced to change my mind if many significant efforts to support men's rights that are lead by various prominent feminist groups are brought to my attention.