For starters, I'm not talking about Iraq or Vietnam. I'm talking about the US having aircraft carriers in the Sea of Japan, military bases in the Middle East, and soldiers and other reserves throughout Europe. People often complain about America's overreach but don't realize how much the US holds things together. There are many countries that stay in line and don't act up simply because the US has a presence in any given region. Heck, I've heard commentators say that the reason the US is still maintaining bases in Europe is to prevent another WW2 type of escalation, and yes, it was not said on FOX News. Also, many countries have taken the opportunity to reduce their own military and cut back on defense spending because of the way the US has been expanding. In conclusion, it is irresponsible for people to call for the US to become more isolationist. EDIT: In response to uMcKoijion 's questions below: 1. What is your time frame? I'm thinking about two years. Enough time for the US to successfully close down bases and bring home troops and equipment. 2. Are you just talking militarily or economically as well? Good question. I should have made that more clear. I am talking about just military isolationism. Not Economic Isolation. 3. How much warning would there be? It would be realistic. As if we got a politician in office who believes the US should focus on domestic issues instead of foreign ones. 4. Are you comparing this against a hypothetical scenario where the US didn't do this? No, this would be in the current 2014 timeline. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!