It seems like there is a growing opinion that america nay, the world entire is going downhill or ending, when it seems like the opposite is true. You're no less likely to be killed by a fellow human than ever before, there is less poverty, death, famine, crime, war, and disease in the world. There is more access to clean water, running water, healthcare, travel, information (free), and opportunity than ever before. Scarce resources are a problem, but it seems like humanity always finds ways to solve problems (no more oil, okay, we'll try ethanol.. it'll cost money, but we can do it probably). I believe the answer would be we're genetically predisposed to fear mongering as it helped our ancestors to be extremely cautious and nervous back when there were more dangers out there than just human beings and we were naturally selected to be averse to smelling the roses. But right now, by most markers for 'good stuff' it's the rosiest mankind has ever been. I mean imagine being born even 150 years ago. Literally any other time in the history of humanity it was worse to be alive then now, yet people act like the end times are nigh. I'll bet ever generation in the history of earth thought the world was getting worse, when it's exactly the opposite. An ignorant shmoe in 1912 (or 3 BCE or 1200) could think that and it's okay for me, but now the facts are overwhelmingly clear and the willful ignorance irks me. Maybe it's part of our nature, but humans have the propensity to outgrow their nature. It's a reason we've done this well. Also think an explanation could be 24 hour news cycle and social media. You hear and see bad stuff a lot more than you used to so confirmation bias makes you think it's worse when it's really better. There's a lot of LAPD stuff that's not so good in the news, but compare than to even 1980's and 90's and it looks like kindergarten cops. So anyways, either smell the damned fine roses or change my view! PS: And if it's global warming you're worried about, I think it's gonna be bad, but not the end of humanity even if the worst predictions become true. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!