Right now, as we speak, Britain is poised to break out into civil war over whether the tea leads or follows the milk into the cup. I respectfully claim that both factions are idiots. No matter which liquid chases which, and especially given that sugar is optional (!!!) , British-style tea is bland, flavorless, and too cold to be drinkable. Chinese-style tea is not much better. White, green, and oolong teas are weaker in flavor than black tea, and do not lend themselves to pairing with either milk or sugar lest the tea be overpowered. The overall flavor profile thus ends up being even simpler than that of British tea, although at least a proper brew results in a hotter drink. Allow me to present another alternative, masala chai, and show why it is the best method of tea preparation in existence. Firstly, the milk is boiled in the pot with the water and the tea leaves. The drink is hotter as a result, and the heating of the milk brings out its sweetness. In addition, masala chai takes a much greater quantity of milk (up to half of the beverage by volume (!), although I personally go for closer to one-third) than that mere piddling amount that goes into British-style tea, lending the tea a richness and texture that cannot be matched. Secondly, a medley of spices is infused into the milk-and-tea concoction. The blend of cardamom, cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves, ginger, and black pepper grants an enormous complexity of flavor to the tea that puts the flavor profiles of British and Chinese tea to shame. It is also because of this spice blend that masala chai requires such a large quantity of milk; only this intense combination of flavors can stand up to so much milk. Finally, sugar (or honey, or whatever sweetener you would usually go for) is NOT optional. A generous addition of sugar is required to provide a balance against the spice blend. The end result is that, whereas Chinese tea is a mere solo act, and British tea is just an act with one powerful lead and a small and subtle supporting cast, Indian tea is a veritable ensemble piece, with a massive supporting cast (the de facto distinction between "main" and "supporting" being non-existent) playing a variety of parts in order to deliver an epic of an act. Reddit, go ahead and try to CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!