As far as I can tell thus far, there are two major challenges to this view. "Pfft. The US? US foreign policy doesn't promote humanism! It promotes anti-Americanism!" I agree with this to a degree, but I consider it a political problem. I would argue that the United States is alone among the superpowers in that it at least tries to promote humanism and has established general incentives to do so. Sometimes those efforts are misguided, other times they're partially or wholly discarded in favor of efforts to secure the national defense (ostensibly if not materially, as with the Iraq war and other iterations of 'just war doctrine'.) Still, I think this view is misguided because it treats the United States as monolithic. Yes, there is a struggle to bring product to market, but there is also a struggle over whether to ship the red, white or blue model. The second notable objection I've fielded is "Pfft. The United States is hardly an indispensable nation. They may have the biggest armed forces and economy, but it's all underwritten by China. They have the largest welfare state, aging population, bloating prisons, abysmal outcomes, food deserts and tremendous injustice. Hardly a beacon of hope." If find this objection much more compelling because I find myself coming back to question of "who else?" Obviously that's basically saying that America is the indispensable nation because America is the indispensable nation. My next best response, I suppose, is to say that the failure of the United States would throw the world into severe depression (the US role in the global economy has increased since the depression) and conflict (the power vacuum that would obviously ensue from the collapse of the most powerful military in the world.) Pax Americana isn't perfect and I wouldn't say that it were, however, it is the most viable path to a hegemony of humanistic values. For this thread when I refer to 'humanism' I'll be talking about [this.] It's not a perfect representation of how I conceptualize humanistic values, but I have to clarify and commit to a defined idea in order to present myself to you as an interlocutor in good faith.