After experiencing some of the negativity of plea bargaining with some family members, here are my views. Keep in mind in reading my points, that over 90 of criminal cases in the US are solved by plea bargaining. Plea bargaining makes innocent people admit to things they didn't do. In this [study] , which is one of the first to test plea bargaining in a real-life setting, it was found that 56 of students who were accused of cheating, and were by the study's design, actually innocent, pled guilty and accepted a lesser punishment, out of a fear of academic and legal repercussions. Here's the [wikipedia article] summarizing the study. According to this study, more than half of the people reading this sentence would accept a plea deal even if they were truly innocent. This is not just. You might ask, why would someone admit to something they didn't do? because... Plea bargaining works by exploiting the fears and uncertainty of defendants. Its obvious that you want to avoid your worst outcomes, but its even more scary to not know what those outcomes might be. If given a choice between 3 options: A year in jail, 30 days in jail, or a dice roll containing the year in jail as a threat, most people would choose the 30 days in jail. The question mark is basically a dice roll for your own life, which most people wouldn't take. Its a case of preferring the devils you know to the (potential) angels you don't. Its highly coercive tactic used by a prosecutor to acheive one goal; extracting a confession. To quote John Langbeing: There is, of course, a difference between having your limbs crushed if you refuse to confess, or suffering some extra years of imprisonment if you refuse to confess, but the difference is of degree, not kind. Plea bargaining, like torture, is coercive. Like the medieval Europeans, the Americans are now operating a procedural system that engages in condemnation without adjudication. Plea bargaining is a one-sided game that only benefits the prosecutor. When someone admits guilt or accepts any lightened charge, a prosecutor can claim that they've won a case. Even if they're dealing with an innocent person (and they know it), they can threaten harsh charges, but offer very light ones as a plea bargain, knowing that they probably wouldn't win the case if it went to trial. In these negotiations, the prosecutors risk nothing. If the defendant doesn't want to accept a first lesser charge, then the prosecutor can keep reducing it until they achieve an admission of guilt. Meanwhile, the defendants have to bear the psychological hardship of having to admit to something they didn't do, in order to serve a better outcome for their lives. And lets take the case where the defendant is actually guilty. It is not necessarily beneficial to them to avoid a jury trial. For some reason it is assumed that the plea bargain will be a lesser punishment than that which a jury would give out, but there is no evidence for this. Plea bargaining is mostly illegal in many other western countries France, Germany, Japan, and England all have laws prohibiting plea bargaining, either completely, or at least severely limiting the scope of what the prosecutor is able to charge. I'd like this debate to mostly focus on the psychological aspects of plea bargaining on defendants, and not get bogged down in legal details.