I'm sure many of us have heard from one source or another that today's media (magazines, tv, etc.) is presenting a harmful and unrealistic body image for people to strive for, especially younger people. These kinds of statements are also often directed mainly towards girlswomen. Proponents of this will say that when a young girl sees a supermodel, actress, etc., then she thinks she has to look like that, while a boy will see it and expects that all girls should look that way. I find this logic to be on a slippery slope and unrealistic. I don't think the media presents a bad example at all, they just present the pinnacle of beauty if you will. For example, when I am walking by a Victoria's Secret store and see a huge picure of Candice Swanepoel, I don't imagine or expect all women to look like that. Instead, I take on a more realistic approach and form the opinion that she is one of the most attractive people on the planet. On the flip side, I don't go watch Ocean's 11 and feel bad at the end because I don't look like George Clooney or Brad Pitt. Think of how ridiculous this kind of logic is when you extend it to other things. Would I expect every painter to be on par with Michelangelo, every singer to have a voice like Adele, every pianist to be play like Mozart? Of course not. Just because you aren't as great as they are shouldn't affect your self esteem since they are literally at the pinnacle of their respective field, and in some cases in contention for greatest of all time. To sum up, I think it is ridiculous to think that the media's constant portrayal of beauty in magazines, movies, TV, etc., is in any way affecting how people view their bodies. Just for clarification I am a guy so that may be influencing my opinion. I would love to hear your take on this. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!