The 14th Amendment was meant to ensure that civil rights were protected by the states as well as the federal government. The Amendment even says "No state shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States." Yet in 1873, the Supreme Court decided, in the Slaughterhouse Cases that the privileges and immunities referred to in the 14th Amendment were merely those inherent to the federal nature of the U.S. (e.g. the ability to travel interstate, or the ability to sue in federal court). Under the Slaughterhouse Cases substantive rights such as freedom of speech, disestablishment of religion, unreasonable search and seizure, and reproductive freedom are not protected as "privileges" of citizens. However, nowadays obviously we believe that the 14th Amendment does constrain state governments not to infringe on these rights. But we do so through the attenuated interpretation of "due process of law" a different clause of the 14th Amendment that seems more naturally to apply to procedural rights such as not having property taken without just compensation, or at least a hearing. The stretching and straining of "due process" to encompass substantive rights (eventually including most but not all of the rights enumerated in the Bill of Rights, as well as some others not enumerated in the first eight parts of the Bill of Rights, such as privacy) has allowed a possibly justified claim of "judicial activism" and courts "inventing" rights in the Constitution. I believe that this "activism" is merely a sort of equal-and-opposite reaction to the cynical overreaction of the Privileges and Immunities Clause in the Slaughterhouse Cases. However, if the Supreme Court simply reversed the Slaughterhouse Cases, then we could go back to arguing what substantive rights are "privileges and immunities" of being an American, and ordinary Americans would have more understanding and confidence in the origin and scope of their rights with respect to the States. I am open to changing my view. Perhaps it's really true that Privileges and Immunities ought to be super-narrowly defined, even if it means "due process" has to carry nearly all the real weight of federally imposing human rights to the state level. Convince me! (I will just state at the outset that I don't necessarily feel that I have crisply explained my reasoning for my view. I will attempt to edit as appropriate in response to requests for clarifications.) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!