Genuinely looking for a good reason why some people are so caught up in the purity of their dog's blood line, cause I'm just not getting it. The way I see it, while developing specific breeds at one point made sense because dogs served different functions, at this point it's doing more harm (in the form of inbreeding and creating a market for irresponsible overbreeding) than good and doesn't need to be practiced any more. Wanting a dog with a specific personality need a specific breed for a specific job Disposition and manners are going to have a lot more to do with upbringing, imo, than species. Obviously that's a generalization, as something like energy level cannot be trained out of a dog. But it's pretty easy to gauge things like that in a dog whose bloodline you don't know by just hanging out with them a little- terriershepherd looking dogs that are bouncing off the walls are probably going to be high energy. That doesn't require a pedigree to determine. Similarly, I can't think of a reason why a service dog would need to be 100 of a specific breed. Looking for a general type of dog makes sense, but why you would need a purebred lab and couldn't make do with a lab-x from a shelter is beyond me. Mutts are intelligent and trainable and possess the physical attributes required of any dog job. Not all of them, obviously, but not all purebred dogs are cut out to be police service drug dogs either. The training and weeding out process is in place regardless, there's no reason a mutt couldn't go through it and I'd be willing to bet just as many would come out on the other side as the pure dogs. Purebreed for the purpose of keeping a breed in existence breeding for show These are not wild animals which humans have been killing off via habitat loss and poaching. Specific breeds were created by man, and it's cruel and unnecessary to inbreed them to the point of mental and physical illness for the purpose of maintaining some man-made breed standard. Dog shows seems superficial and meaningless to me and nobody's ever been able to articulate a reason why they aren't. I get liking a particular look. My family has two little mutts and I love them to bits but fantasize about getting a Great Dane when I'm out of university. However, I really can't conceive of a reason why I'd need to ensure that a dog I'd adopt was 100 Dane to satisfy that desire. I'll visit a bunch of pounds and find a Dane-ish looking dog, or go to a Dane rescue, and be ecstatic with whatever doggy I find. Please change my view so I can be more empathetic when people tell me they got their dog from a purebred breeder and I won't secretly judge them anymore! edit: formatting EDIT: My view's been changed! I genuinely see now why purposeful breeding exists is necessary. Thanks, reddit! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!