First off let me reiterate that I am talking about the ACADEMIC study of religion. I could give a fuck about theology and dogmatic tradition. What I care about is the philosophical core of religion: understanding and bringing about religious experience. The first thing that brings me to this idea is that, contrary to popular belief, science in no way has ever claimed it was truth. People have decided that it was, but all science does is create a model to make predictions. If those predictions work, then we can create tools with the model. We know very well that quantum mechanics and relativity theory are not "true" because they are incompatible. What they do is allow us to make predictions and therefore tools. These tools have helped us out, no doubt. But I believe that we need to shift our entire way of thinking from an understanding nature to an experiential nature. My favorite scientist, Werner Heisenberg, has this to say about it: "The existing scientific concepts cover always only a very limited part of reality, and the other part that has not yet been understood is infinite." The other part is infinite. We can either keep going down a path of trying to figure out this fractal-like void of knowledge, which we are not capable in the least of doing biologically, or we can try to experience rather than understand our existence. This is done through the study of religions. Religions are all an attempt to explain an experience or set of experiences that people have. This includes Judeo-Christian, Pagan, Eastern, any sort of thought. What they are all attempting to do, at their core, is bring about the experience of something. Judeo-Christian thought wants to bring about heaven, and as Jesus says in the Gospel of Thomas (which is just as legitimate as any other text) the kingdom of heaven is here. The Qu'ran says turn your head in every direction and there you see the face of Allah. Buddhism speaks of Nirvana, Hinduism speaks of Moksha, Taoism of the sage, all of these are experiences of the one-like nature of the universe. That brings us back to Heisenberg "There is a fundamental error in separating the parts from the whole, the mistake of atomizing what should not be atomized. Unity and complementarity constitute reality." Science, religion, they all talk about the unity. What we cannot do, according to Heisenberg and science, is understand. We can, as he says "speak of it in images and parables." Sounds a lot like religion. We can understand that the big picture is completely unfathomable, and realize that what we really should do is experience the big picture through the study of religion. Maybe this is Judeo-Christian charity. Maybe this is Eastern meditation. Maybe its a good fuck or a nice view or dancing around. I don't care what your method of experience is, but religions are the study of this experience. They provide ways to bring about the experience. These experiences are just as "real" as anything else. You simply cannot say that I have not had religious, unexplainable (other than what I would call magic) experiences with the love of my life on top of a skyscraper in Tokyo 15,000 miles away from home. You cannot say that Ayrton Senna did not "see god" as he says all the time about him winning F1 races. You cannot say that someone dancing around losing themselves completely on acid at a Grateful Dead show did not have an unexplainable religious experience. These experiences are all real, and are all attempted to be explained by religious studies. Maybe Senna did not see a Christian god. But he had a religious experience, he experienced something and attempted to explain it with is home tradition that he had heard his entire life. The academic study of religion is important to this entire realm of experience. We need to study these experiences, and maybe even make them our goal as a culture. I am not saying science sucks and we should abandon it. It creates great tools and has helped us immensely. But it is an upaya, (in the Buddhist term) a tool. It is a great thing, but we cannot lose sight of the equally sized realm of experience that is studied through religion. Religious study is also upaya, and we should use it where it is helpful. A final quote from Heisenberg: "The first gulp from the glass of natural sciences will turn you into an atheist, but at the bottom of the glass God is waiting for you." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!