Whenever I see movies or TV shows that show a zombie apocalypse, far too often I feel like they are under the false pretense that the military would fall and groups of people have to hold their own. Although an entertaining idea, and it makes for good shows, it's blatantly unrealistic. For one, zombies are often slow, relatively mindless, and have no other 'weapons' besides their hands and mouths. (Scratching and biting). Todays militaries are well equipped with machine guns, bombs, planes, tanks, etc, and are very well trained. They are used to fighting people who fight back with guns of their own, and going against zombies would be a relative piece of cake. Also, because of zombies lack of intelligence, and lack of resources, you could go many places a zombie can't get to. For example, you could hunker down on top of a tall building, and shoot them from up top. You could get many soldiers onto aircraft carriers, and other boats. You can safely fly around in a helicopter, and planes, while easily taking out the zombies. I feel that in a case of a zombie apocalypse, they are no match for the strength, intelligence, and resources of the militaries around the world. In fact, the US government and CDC even have a plan already in place in case of a zombie apocalypse! Edit: It seems I should have defined the zombies and what they are like. For one, I am talking about the "stereotypical" spread of zombies, where it is basically a "virus" that is spread through biting, scratching, etc. Also, as far as the zombies capability, lets just say they are capable of sprinting like in World War Z. I don't see why zombies wouldn't be able to sprint, unless of course of an injury. Another problem I have run in to is the debate about if body shots could kill them or if they could carry on. This can be open for debate, as I'm no master of anatomy, but realistically, I don't see how they could carry on without some of their major organs. If you assume that shooting the heads of zombies kills them because it kills the brain, that means that brain is working. For the brain to work, it needs blood to carry oxygen to it. Which means the zombie needs its heart to pump that blood through the body. This also brings up the idea that zombies could bleed to death. And then there are other organs of course and arguments for the need of them, like the stomach and intestines to digest the food they eat, to provide the energy for them to move around and sprint and chase their prey. So unless someone can provide an argument that they wouldn't need these other vital organs, we're going to assume shots to the body can kill them, and not only head shots. If I need to define anything else about them, let me know. For general purposes though, these are your average, stereotypical mindless walking (and running when it sees prey) zombies. Also, a argument I've seen a lot is that the military would need supplies coming in like food, ammunition, electricity, oil, water, etc. Essential things. I have faith that the military would know this and work to secure places that produce these things to keep it going. (Fun fact, the government and CDC actually do have a plan in place in case of a zombie apocalypse. [Here's the Pentagon's plan] .) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!