Thinking to the recent Le Vell possible child abuse case in the UK: we have an actor who was accused of abusing a child over multiple occasions. The press, naturally, dragged his name through the mud thinking this case would go the same way as all the other abuse scandals from the last year - only he was found Not Guilty on all counts. But this will change the rest of his life forever. Innocent until proven guilty means nothing in the court of public opinion. There are those who will never believe him, those who say "it just wasn't proved," those who say "no smoke without fire." He will never be able to go near a child again without people watching his every move like a hawk. He is also less likely to be believed if someone else decides to claim he abused them merely by association to the first case. So I understand we don't want to put the fear of jail into potential victims, and I get that someone's going to tell me that conviction rates are lower than one would believe from the media, but neither of this changes my mind that in a case of "my word versus yours" where no physical evidence is brought forward: someone must be lying. Either the accused is lying and will be sent to jail, or they aren't and will (hopefully) be acquitted. Whereas for the accuser: if they are telling the truth (hopefully) the accused is put away, but if they are lying - nothing happens. It just seems to me that when one side has so much to lose, the other side should too as a course of balance. As I mentioned above, Le Vell would most likely not be believed now if another "my word vs yours" case came against him about child abuse. Now immediately you might jump to saying: if two people accuse him then they probably weren't lying, why would two people lie? My answer is: because people do. All the time - whether it be for fun, profit, fame - and in this case there is no downside - there seems to be no risk to accusing someone in a case of "my word versus yours" where no physical evidence can prove the defendant is lying, but no physical evidence can still be enough to see them put away. CMV