This feeling has occurred to me as a result of my participation in another thread here today. It will be easiest for me to explain what I mean by making reference to a couple of the arguments posted there. I feel if that was the case, the 90 should get bitchslapped upside the head with some knowledge. I don't think we should necessarily punish the ignorant, but we shouldn't indulge it either. ( This was in response to the fact that over 90 of pollees support mandatory GMO labeling.) This "freedom of determination" that you speak of is exactly what's wrong with the world, if we have to restrict the information of GM food so that people will eat them, so be it. Your "freedom of determination" will always lead to long term negative impacts. These two posts display pretty clearly what I am driving at. In the real world, things are the way they are because that's what works. It is my experience that any time I find myself getting involved in political discussions, people get caught up in their argument without actually going into or even considering how that argument might be enacted or applied in the real world. A fine example of this is the entire Occupy Wall Street movement. The core statement of that entire movement was basically, "Things are this way, but they SHOULD be that wayso we're gonna sit around until they are." "Should" is the bane of meaningful discussion. Anytime someone says things "should" be a certain way, in your head you can replace the word with "can," and you quickly find that the statement is false. Yeah, great, everyone should have all their basic needs met, everyone should be fed and healthy and happy. But not everyone can be, because there is no working way fathomable to get there and sustain it. Until there is, until you actually have that method and system figured out, it is completely useless to bring it up at all. The two posts I quoted above show a shocking failure to understand actual reality, because if you try to imagine either as being actually implemented in the real world, you can only get there by eradicating democracy and leaving decisions up to a select group, and that has never worked out in all of history. You can't have everything be democratic except this one decision, or that one decision. It's all or nothing. Therefore, bringing up anything that isn't "90 of the people want it and so they must have it" requires you to put an oligarchy in place. Just because the thing 90 of people want might be negative doesn't mean the alternative is better. You have to accept the bad with the good, because that's the real world, that's what democracy is, and that's the only way things work. Am I making my point clear?