EDIT: Mentally replace all my uses of the word humanism with egalitarianism since it was brought to my attention it fits better. I guess Humanist will have to be replaced with egalitarianist? Upfront disclosure. I fully support equal rights and opportunities for everyone as well as analyzing and correcting institutionalized unfairness. This CMV topic is specific to American Feminism. This basic idea doesn't just apply to feminists it can apply to any sufficiently narrow POV without justification. For example I wouldn't include a group like the Humane Society because I would agree that animals are a whole other area of expertise. That being said, what can you accomplish as a feminist that you can't accomplish as a humanist? I think there surely was a time for feminism when there were severe inequalities like not being allowed to vote or own property. Now that we have come so close to parity between the sexes (in the States) feminism in general comes across as Special Pleading (logical fallacy) and egotistical thinking that one group is inherently more important or needs more attention than another (most probably because you are a member of that group), this leads me to my belief that the label promotes sexism instead of the opposite. As you approach parity between 2 groups you have to change the stance view label to encompass both groups otherwise the specific label that has been used thus far only makes sure that rift never goes away. Furthermore if you really care about reaching parity between the sexes that will NEVER happen if you only focus on one of them and so feminism seems to be hurting themselves with their own label. I have heard feminism defined as caring equally about both sexes in an attempt to counter this point but we would never try and argue that a masculinist cares equally about both sexes; it's just a bad defense. If we are talking about promoting equality between not just the sexes but all of humanity I think Humanist is the label philosophy that will get us there because it will cause us to care about more than just the group we identify with and consider all social issues in order of importance instead of the order of what might directly affect us as individuals. EDIT2: I'll be adding some link to articles that I think address my position or at least are insightful.