I suppose I should start off by saying that I'm not a psychopath. I have my own set of rules, a way I'd like other people to treat me, and I try the best I honestly can to treat them by that same set of rules. To me though, that's not being ethical or good. That's an unspoken social contract, and contracts are not, as far as I can see, inherently good or bad. We can all think of a thousand examples of people doing something we'd each consider abhorrently evil because they consider it good and just. If we thought about our beliefs honestly, I think we'd find something considered "evil" by society at large that we consider harmless or even good. The thing is though, I don't see why any side has more objective justification for their own definition of good than the other. When it comes down to it, good and evil seem to be what we're comfortable with and what we're not. And when I hear someone make an argument that, for example, suicide is unethical, that's more or less what I hear. That they think suicide is wrong because they're uncomfortable with people committing suicide. It's the way they feel the world should be, and they can't really come up with something objective to justify that feeling. Someone might say that something is unethical because it violates a person's rights, but I can't help but feel that they're assuming that said person's rights are worthy of not being violated. They might say that it's crucial to maintaining societal order or to the existence of society, but I can't help but think that assumes that society's order and existence are worth preserving. So to sum it up, even though I think I know what people mean when they talk about good and bad, I don't get it from an intellectual point of view. I know that the way I treat other people is based solely on how I would like others to treat me, but I don't see that as falling under some separate, objective category of "good," and that's what I just don't understand or respect when people talk about it. CMV.