A friend of mine posted [this video] on Facebook the other day and it was flooded with comments of agreement about how we are missing out on life because of cell phones, the internet, social media, etc. I am most definitely "addicted to technology." I am the first person in my group of friendsfamily to look something up on my phone to get more information and share with the group. I enjoy technology and discussing where it's going, what it's done and critiquing what needs to happen in terms of technological advances. Recently I posted a question on Facebook about disconnecting Google from Youtube and was told I needed to "read a book and enjoy nature." My family always scolds me at family functions for being on my phone more than anyone else, but I don't see any of these things as bad. I feel like living as a young, tech-savvy person in the 21st century has afforded me the opportunity to communicate with those around the world more easily than any generation has in the past. How could that be a bad thing? I have family living across the US that I would have never communicated with had it not been for social media and we've all maintained an understanding of each others lives because of things like Facebook. If I care to debate with someone on their social beliefs, I have an entire wealth of information at my fingertips and I feel lucky to have been born in a generation that allows me that opportunity. I also consider myself a fairly artistic and creative person, and I am able to see art from around the world that I wouldn't be able to without the internet. The video that I posted above does not feature an isolated ideal. I am often looked at as someone who is missing out on the world because I value the internet, social media, and the information that is accessible to me. The way I see it, I have adapted to the world as it is now. Being able to find information easily is a desirable trait that helps me survive in my every day life. This skill is more valuable than being able to hunt, build a fire or appreciate the beauty of a sunset in person, rather than via photo. To me, these skills' value is becoming obsolete. CMV.