A little background. I am a 21 year old female. I spent the first 20 years of my life dedicating my life to being a good Christian, a disciple of Christ. I even enrolled at a very conservative private Christian college. I still attend there now. My undergraduate experience is what turned it all around for me. I spent three years meeting people who -truly- lived their lives according to scripture. While I admire them for their dedication, I developed a strong aversion to Christian doctrine. I went on two mission tripsthose are what finalized it for me. I hated going to another culture with the intention of changing people. I loved their way of life, their culture, their religionI wanted to learn and grow from it, not try to "improve" it. I have come across a few milestones that I simply can't stomach anymore, and they have separated me from my previous beliefs: 1. The Christian God is the ONLY God. All other religions contain only idols. (I believe other religions to be beautiful and worthy of just as much praise. Most of these religions are built on similar conceptsI find them to be equal, all are attempts at creating meaning and discovering purpose) 2. Those who don't believe in the Christian God burn in eternal hellfire. 3. Homosexuality is sinful. 4. Sex with your partner before marriage is sinful. I spent a long time telling myself that the bible didn't -really- speak out against any of those things. I told myself that scripture interpretation was unclear. I finally realized that I was just changing scripture to what I wanted it to say, and that wasn't right. I believe that Christians look down on those of other religions and lifestyles with the basic idea that they know the absolute truth. I know they don't mean to condescendthey are trying to help others. However, I feel that this doctrine does more harm than good, as it fills people with fearfear of different religions and lifestyles that deserve respect. It destroys the modern world's chance at coexisting. I understand that other world religions have similar issues. However, I want to discuss Christianity because it is closest to home for me. I am looking for answers. Please CMV. EDIT: A lot of people are pointing out 2 things: scripture is open to interpretation, and many church sects present different doctrines. Please know that I am aware of both of these things. However, I have found thatin order to be comfortable with ChristianityI have to outright ignore very clear meanings in certain passages of scripture. I do not think this is right. I also have never found a church sect I am completely comfortable with.