At the end of the day, money can only influence elections in one way; advertising. All that money can do is buy more posters and commercials. If you are a moderate voter, maybe that could sway you. Maybe. More likely, you will, as everyone else does, be skeptical of campaign ads. This is especially true if you aren't a moderate. It gives you more visibility, but 99.999 of the time you aren't going to change anyone's mind. Money doesn't buy elections. At the end of the day your vote is all that matters, and how influenced is your vote likely to be by smear ads? On the other hand, most people look to the few major news sources (CNN, MSNBC, Fox) for their actual information when it comes to campaigns and making decisions. People seek out news that agrees with them and are then fed selective soundbites that influence their view of a candidate. If you're conservative, you go to Fox, if you are liberal, you go pretty much anywhere else. People tend to be less skeptical of their news sources just because it is the news. Now hopefully I don't need to explain why this is bad. Obviously the majority of news sources are bias, and there is a plethora of instances of false reporting. Why do people get so upset about Citizens United? I feel as though more than anything it is a scapegoat for people opposed to republicans and corporations. I don't feel as though reversing it will prompt any real change. I also don't feel like those opposed to it realize that there are plenty of motives that are likely to be held by democrats that aren't any more justifiable than republicans. Democratic candidates get most of their funding from unions, which, as far as I understand, aren't corporations and would still be allowed to donate (could be wrong). If that's true, it seems like one could easily argue that its a political power play to cut Republican campaign funding. If it isn't true, It can still be seen as the same thing. TL;DR: People may not have morally sound reasons for opposing citizens united, and the media has significantly more of an effect on elections than money. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!