Edit: Rather than push specifically for a "German-style" healthcare system, I believe progressives should push for a "Bismarck" system drawing from either the German or Japanese models (and potentially the Swiss model) Despite being the most expensive healthcare system in the world, the U.S. model consistently ranks near the bottom in international comparisons with wealthy economies on most measures of performance. These include access, quality, and equity. The Affordable Care Act attempted to jerry-rig our system by building off our third party, employer-based model through mandates, regulations, and a Medicaid expansion. However, although Obamacare was an improvement over the previous system, and it has improved access and equity, our system is far from ideal. As many as 31 million Americans are expected to remain uninsured by 2024. The ACA tinkers around the edges when it comes to controlling costs, and shifting from "fee-for-service" to "fee-for-outcomes" has slowed the rate of healthcare inflation. Medicare is being used as a lever to cut costs with the hope that the private sector will follow. However, none of the cost-cutting mechanisms in the ACA can capitalize on the power of economies of scale, nor can they yield lower prices or massive reductions in administrative overhead. The ACA utilizes a conservative, market-based approach to healthcare that ties coverage to jobs and income. Insurance companies have been supportive of the ACA, because it mandates people to purchase their services, generating corporate profits for the industry. Medical bankruptcy continues to be an issue for people who can afford to purchase care, but can't afford to actually utilize care. Employers, particularly small business, are also cash strapped due to the healthcare costs associated with covering employees. The American health care remains a byzantine, inhumane, unsustainable, and expensive mess. It's even more byzantine now, but the ACA addresses the rest of those nasty adjectives to varying degrees. In my view, the optimal solution would be a single-payer system where we expand Medicare coverage to every single American, largely making private insurance largely obsolete. We would have government-funded healthcare, but not government-run healthcare (nonprofit hospitals and for-profit clinics would still be in the private sector). I'm personally not a fan of the socialized healthcare systems in the UK, Spain, New Zealand, etc., because I feel government-run hospitals tend to be more inefficient than private-sector counterparts. Public sector delivery sometimes require the rationing of care, causing longer wait times. Instead, I look to the successes of France, Canada, and Taiwan in their socialized funding of healthcare, but privatized delivery of healthcare. "Medicare-for-All" would be much more efficient than the existing system: overhead and administrative costs would be dramatically cut since private health insurance would largely cease to exist (if it existed, private plans would be for supplemental, non-essential care). By eliminating the profit-motive in the health insurance industry, companies wouldn't spend as much money in marketing and advertising, and trying to gain enough money to pay company executives and dividends payout to shareholders. The single-payer system could utilize its extensive bargaining power to negotiate lower prices for prescription drugs, medical services, and medical devices. All while improving preventative care, eliminating medical bankruptcy, providing high-quality care that survives job loss, and lowering production costs for businesses. Heck, employers would prefer to get out of the healthcare industry completely, and focus on their core competence, which is not healthcare management. Income taxes would go up, but we'd still be paying less for healthcare than what we pay in co-pays, deductibles, and premiums. Healthcare outcomes for society would improve a lot, since everyone's in, and no one's out. However, President Obama has made a case against single-payer healthcare that's important to acknowledge. Obama admits that other advanced countries have benefited greatly from single-payer models, and if he were designing the U.S. system from scratch, he would probably design a single-payer system. However, we aren't building a system from scratch, and people are accustomed to getting insurance from their employers. And our health insurance industry is a massive employer. It would take a long time for us to transition without any negative economic repercussions. There are jobs at stake: people make a living off the complexities of our multi-payer systems. People would literally have to be retrained to take different jobs. Ideally, we could provide vouchers for education and training for people who lost their healthcare administration jobs. However, it would take a lot of political courage and cooperation, and people would need to get on board with the idea that "we'll suffer greatly in the short term, and yes, many people will lose jobs in short term, but we'll be much better off than before in the long term. Job losses are a short-term problem compared to the long-term problem of healthcare costs." Given that people think in the short-term, transitioning from our employer-based model directly to single-payer would be an extremely tough sell. We've historically had a tradition of people getting their insurance from HMOs and PPOs, and rich people have excellent private-sector healthcare, so people may not have an appetite for rapid transformation, even though single-payer healthcare is popular in opinion polls. However, there are alternative health care models that offer universal coverage. It's not an eitheror situation where it's either an inhumane system or single-payer. I think it's disheartening than the Bismarck model hasn't entered the progressive political consciousness in the U.S. yet. It has much of the efficiency and private centers of care delivery and insurance that "single payer" contains, and includes the benefits of universal coverage and effective cost containment. Given the large population of the U.S., a Bismarck system may be both more efficient and more likely than single-payer in the current climate. In a country with 300 million people like the U.S., you very quickly hit the point where risk advantage plateaus (ie adding another person to a pool will not reduce the average risk premium). Instead of asking specifically for single-payer, we should ask simply for a high-performance universal system. And we should leave the payment system open to whatever would best fit the desired attributes of the new system. A German multi-payer system would be far easier to sell politically to Americans given how much closer it is to our current model than Canada's system. The differences between the American and German systems are less striking than the similarities. Transitioning to the Bismarck model from the current U.S. system would definitely be manageable. In Bismarck systems (Germany and Japan), you have mostly privatized delivery (private sector hospitals and clinics) and privatized insurance systems. Insurance companies are mostly mandated to be non-profit entities that provide comprehensive coverage. Since there's no no financial motive to deny claims and no profit, Biskmark insurance programs tend to be cheaper than American-style for-profit insurance. Insurance in Germany and Japan is funded by employees and employers. This is a similarity the U.S. system shares with the German and Japanese models. In Japan, employers offer healthcare, just like they do in the U.S. (however employment and healthcare are decoupled in Germany). In Japan, local governments cover those who are unemployed or too poor to purchase insurance themselves. Opt-outs in Germany are often available for the top 10 of income earners so they can purchase plans with wider coverage than standard sickness funds but which are more expensive. In Germany, benchmarks on prices for procedures and medication are negotiated between government, industry and insurers on a mostly annual basis. The sickness funds pay physicians and hospitals uniform rates that are negotiated annually. This is called "all-payer rate setting" where insurers bind together to jointly negotiate prices for prescription drugs, medical procedures, etc., and largely emulates the bargaining power and economies of scale we see under single-payer systems. There are therefore mechanisms built into the Biskmarck system for efficient care delivery, multiple mechanisms for cost control, both through negotiation and consumer choice, and also mandates for universal coverage. Despite a lot of similarities between the Bismarck and American systems that would allow for a smooth transition from the latter to the former in the U.S., the differences between Bismarck and ACA are fairly dramatic. ACA leaves for-profit insurance in place and it has far fewer mechanisms for cost containment. The ACA gives us with subsidized, regulated, for-profit insurance companies in the place of heavily regulated not-for-profit sickness funds. Moreover, the insurance system the ACA envisions is still far more fragmented than in Bismarck systems, which leads to dramatically persistent cost-shifting. A chief problem with the American chimera is that it relies on employment being more stable and universal than it is likely to be in our future. As mentioned before, people's quality of care is tied to their jobs and incomes. Sure, people who lose their jobs can opt for subsidized plans on state and federal healthcare exchanges. If they are poor, they can apply for Medicaid in states that have expanded it. If they are over 65, they get enrolled in Medicare (a program they paid into via payroll taxes). If they are veterans, they benefit from the VA system (which resembles Britain's socialized system). Yes, people are "mandated" to get care, and if they can't afford it, they can opt out via a hardship exemption. But although "healthcare" survives job loss in the U.S., the quality of healthcare declines when your income declines, since you can't afford as comprehensive plans. However, unlike in the U.S., coverage in the German Bismarck system (not Japanese system) is portable between jobs, as the sickness funds are nationally valid. Coverage is available to full and part-time workers as well as to guest workers. Unemployed worker coverage does not change, their premium contributions are paid by federally administered statutory unemployment insurance during the term of unemployment. This is a huge advantage over the American system. Medical school is largely free in Bismarck systems (and under singler-payer systems), and doctors don't acquire massive debt to get their degrees. Tuition free medical school in Germany is largely financed through higher income taxes. Moreover, doctors benefit from strong tort laws. Physicians under socialized systems (Britain, Spain, etc), single-payer systems (Taiwan, Canada), and Bismarck systems (Germany and Japan) are definitely paid less than their counterparts in America, but it's a good trade off overall, and their livelihoods are still very good compared to the average worker. My hope is that Obamacare will come to more closely resemble a Bismarck model (either Japan or Germany) over time. It seems reasonable, at least, to expect that stronger cost control mechanisms will evolve from what the ACA initiates. The Bismarck system was established through a patchwork of legislation: it is chiefly a product of the payment mechanisms that existed in each country prior to the reforms that created a national system of coverage. The fact that a system which was not originally designed to cover everyone has become one that can means that there is at least hope that non-ideal things, through whatever confused and muddled process, can be made better over time.