I'll preface this with saying I wouldn't be saying any of this if I didn't love the series as much as I did, and an apology for the massive wall of text that will follow. I guess I want closure on this issue. I'm a huge fan of science fiction in general and storytelling in games, and it annoys me to see this game's story praised so much when I see so many glaring flaws that everyone ignores. I've voiced this concern in rmasseffect and otherwise, but have been met with many downvotes without discussion and one request to kill myself. I have a variety of reasons for my opinion on this, and I will summarize it in three points: 1. Overall weakness of story without redeeming elements such as strong character focus (like ME2). 2. Lack of choice impact. 3. Abandonment of key themes from the previous games. To begin with point one: Everyone complains that the game was excellent up until the ending, but really, we should have been concerned far before we got to Earth. To begin, the exposition is nearly non-existent and you are introduced to a new character who your character knows, but not you, and you are not really given any sort of introduction as to why you should care about him until much later in the game. He disappears from the narrative until you reach your ship, depriving you of any sort of exposition on who he is. This is caused by the overall rushed feeling of the opening. Unlike the first game, where you spend a significant amount of time talking to the crew, Anderson, Nihilus, etc. to establish the setting, and the second game, where you see a significant amount of time dedicated to putting Shepard into a Cerberus medical facility, ME3 opens speaking of a trial which the player never experienced, a period house arrest which the player never experienced, introducing a character we've never heard of and acting like we've known him all along, and ending with a generic "we fight or we die" speech before things start exploding. Then you just start fighting Reaper forces, and then the real problems begin. The child you see at the beginning is immediately presented as a mystery. He refuses any sort of help from you, disappears instantly, and is never acknowledged by any character other than Shepard. This child's death troubles Shepard so much that heshe starts having nightmares. Of course, this whole thing builds up to exactly nothing, and interrupts the narrative in annoying dream sequences to try to build up more sympathy for Earth, as if we didn't already know what was happening there. Now, back to chronological order. Mars is where the plot starts to become irredeemable. We land there, and start fighting Cerberus forces. The game properly asks why they are there, and you discover that they are there to steal the data for an ancient Prothean superweapon. This presents two issues. The first issue is that if they really wanted to steal data from the database, they could have stolen it covertly instead of massacring the entire facility. This represents the first time Cerberus was shoehorned into an action sequence regardless of how much sense it made. Secondly, building off the first, this completely ruins any sense of moral ambiguity from Cerberus, and puts them firmly into villain territory. The entire second game established Cerberus as an enigma, who put results above any cost, for the benefit of humanity. While their experiments tend to go horrifically wrong, the potential result can be justified as worth the risk, considering the threat they were against. (Rachni experiments to create expendable shock troops for dangerous scenarios, Geth experiments to deal with a misunderstood threat, biotic experiments to place humanity on equal footing with the Asari. While unethical, they potentially get results, which is the whole renegade philosophy.) The third game throws this away, by giving them an army, and attacking everyone openly, and actively sabotaging the war effort without any attempt at subtlety. I'll get into this more later. Continuing with the plot, Liara introduces the player to the Prothean superweapon that should defeat the Reapers. Now, hindsight is 2020, but at this point we really should have seen the ending coming. There is no way a superweapon can work as intended without it being a giant deus ex machina. Perhaps we were hoping for a twist, but it never came, and we got what we got. This undermines many of the potential themes of the series, mainly unity between races. Why bother getting all these military forces when you can just build a giant gun that will kill every Reaper? Just ask for some engineers and resources, build the thing and fire it, war is done. The rest of the plot is just filler for the inevitable deus ex machina ending. It took me about 15 minutes to come up with a better solution to the plot without a generic ancient superweapon to save the day. My solution was that we had seen the potential of the Thanix cannon at the end of ME2, where it decimated the Collector mothership. Since it's established in lore that they were developed after ME1, and attached to many military ships, you just need to say that those are capable of disabling Reapers when aimed properly. Simple. What this does is that it adds tension in that you're not relying on a magical MacGuffin to solve all your problems. You need to rely on ingenuity, tactics, and sheer numbers to carry the day. After Mars, Shepard arrives at the Citadel to implore for help. This entire scenario is completely ridiculous, and not for the reasons you'd expect. While the Council are understandably reluctant to deploy forces to Earth (which is inexplicably presented as the most important part of the war, there are further problems which are not readily apparent. Back in ME1, Shepard has an extensive conversation with Vigil, a Prothean AI, about the war between the Reapers and the Prothean Empire. Vigil mentions that the very first move of the war was the Reapers taking the Citadel, and disabling the mass relay network, dividing the empire for the Reapers to sweep in and conquer with relative ease. This creates a much more apocalyptic scenario, and once again, it took me about 15 minutes to come up with a solution for the gameplay issues that this creates. While story-wise the rest of the galaxy would be cut off, the Normandy, with it's IFF acquired in ME2 is able to travel freely, making the crew the last hope for survival. In the final act of the game, you take a mission to the Citadel, reactivate the relays, turning the war against the Reapers in one fell swoop. Okay, continuing on. Palaven was relatively well done, except for the fact it continues the ridiculous Crucible plot. The next mission, Sur'kesh, begins the most well done arc in ME3, but even that has serious flaws. This marks the second time that Cerberus is shoehorned into an action sequence regardless of sense. First, what is their reason for attacking the Sur'kesh base? We are never told beyond "they're indoctrinated." Second, how do they know so much about STG operations? STG is presented as literally the greatest espionage force in the galaxy, refining the art for thousands of years. Now Cerberus is suddenly better? Thirdly, Mordin has a sudden change of heart about the Genophage. While in ME2, he presents his argument logically and concisely about why the Genophage had to be implemented, but he now he is completely for curing it, even opposing other STG members to force the effort forwards. The only explanation we get for this is "I made a mistake!" Which is a cop-out in place of actually writing a reason. However, I did say that the Genophage arc was the best done arc in the game, which brings me to my second point from the beginning of this wall of text. I'll go off to the side and explain why that is: it is the only arc in the game where choices made in previous games have visible consequences. Wrex on Virmire, Maelon's data, and the suicide mission all factored into this scenario. Rannoch comes second best in this hierarchy, but still remains flawed. While decisions do factor into the final choice, all of them are hidden except for whether or not Tali and Legion survived this far, and whether or not Tali was exiled from the fleet. If you say you noticed that rewriting the heretics had an effect beyond warscore without looking up the formula, I'm calling you a liar. Continuing my side track, most of the major choices in the previous games hold no impact whatsoever beyond a couple of warscore points, or are hidden away behind code that you are never told had an impact anyways, or are mentioned in a couple lines of dialogue, or are disregarded entirely. Throughout the series, you are presented with a series of choices that seem like they would have actual consequences. The only ones that I can see have impact outside of the criteria I mentioned at the beginning of this paragraph are whether Ashley or Kaidan survives Virmire, whether Wrex survives Virmire, Maelon's data, Tali's trial, and the entire suicide mission (for obvious reasons). Everything else is essentially worthless. (Continued in Comments) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!