First, let me get this out of the way: no amount of feeling justifies an unjustifiable action; sexual attraction doesn't justify harassment or assault, and I am not arguing in favor of excessive ogling, inappropriate comments, harassment, rape, or assault. However, here's what I think: Even when women dress in tight-fitting or revealing clothing "just to feel confident" or "just because they like it," there's more going on behind the scenes. The fashions and styles we find attractive and appealing are not determined by our biology social factors are much more important. What looks good and what makes us feel confident is determined, in large part, by what we see on TV, magazines, movies, etc. (I haven't seen anyone in the past 20 years wearing what was considered stylish and attractive in the 1700s.) Most of the images of women we see in media that shape our fashion sense are based on the premise the sexualized content sells better. I therefore assert that much of what women wear "to feel good about themselves" was intentionally designed to attract the male gaze and evoke sexual feelings in men. I further think that women do, or should, know this when they buywear the clothing. So while I don't think a woman is responsible for a man's actions, I think the current mainstream viewpoint goes too far in the other direction asserting that only the male is responsible for his feelings of sexual attraction, or for noticing that a woman is dressed in a revealing way. Again, nothing justifies rape or harassment. On the other hand, I don't think it's fair to criticize a man for surreptitious glances or even lingering looks that they think aren't being noticed, if they aren't crossing a line of clear disrespect. I think women should be aware of and accept that sexually suggestive clothing will attract sexual attention. Below the line are thoughts I am not seeking a response to, but decided to share By the way, yes, I feel the same is true for men's clothing, I just think social factors make this argument not as big of a deal eg men aren't harassed as often and don't deal with the same level of unwanted attention. In addition, men's clothing choices generally allow a man to dress in a way that is not a sexual turn-on while still looking attractive to a much greater degree than women, so the man who wears the tight-fitting sleeveless shirt is probably more likely to be wanting sexual attention than women compared to a woman dressed in a similar fashion. I have seen plenty of "parodies" of our culture where they'll shoe a guy in normal shorts or a t-shirt and say "ooohh, how sexually suggestive, I can see his kneeselbows like the french one with the guy wearing shorts who gets raped when riding a bike. I think these miss the mark in two ways one, because I'm not talking about rape here, I don't care if he was naked, rape is awful and only the rapist (and sure, maybe socialcultural factors too to a lesser degree) is responsible for it but two, because no women are actually thinking that the guy's clothing is sexually suggestive. If you're going to parody it, at least make it comparable a better comparison would be a shirtless, muscled guy with low-cut, tight-fitting jeans, or clothing that clearly revealed his cock bulge, etc.