My opinion applies broadly to victims of all types of crime- not exclusively to robbery, assault, etc. I feel that there are crimes that are committed where the victim has zero real responsibility for what happened to them, they were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. An example might be someone who is injured in a terrorist attack or is hit by stray rounds from a police shootout. Likely, they were just living their lives as they, and anyone else like them, would be. They got unlucky, they were in the wrong place at the wrong time and could not have foreseen what happened to them. Here, placing any sort of responsibility or contributory negligence on them victim blaming is wrong because they did nothing to aggravate these crimes or put themselves at risk. In addition, this does not have any "educational benefit" to them because they could not have made any better decisions (short of always wearing a bullet proof vest or living in a bunker... lets be real) so they therefore cannot learn any way of preventing this from happening again. There is also the huge cost of forcing the victims to both feel responsible for and re-live these traumatic events. Victim blaming is almost certainly wrong in these situations. (For the record, I feel that the vast majority of sexual assaults are very similar to the above example- it's not a victims fault that a certain percent of people are figuratively hitler.) On the opposite end of the spectrum are crimes where the victim has a relatively large impact on the outcome. For example, I own an expensive bike. If I were to ride to a down town corner store and lean it against the front window, unlocked, while I went inside, it would most definitely get stolen. Now, this is not entirely my fault- someone else still decided to steal my bike, and they probably hold more responsibility than me for this crime, but I definitely contributed to my victimization. I'd love to live in a world where I don't have to lock up my nice things, but thats not the case because some people just suck. If this happened to me, I, the victim, should definitely be blamed in some way. There are a few reasons for this. Firstly, a "reasonable person" could have foreseen a nice bike getting stolen if it were left unlocked in a high traffic area. I would need to learn to lock up my bike (and other valuables) to prevent this from happening in the future, and the only way to do this is accept my contributory negligence. Secondly, placing some of the blame on me for getting my bike stolen doesn't harm me in any way. I won't be losing any sleep over thinking about my bike, unless it's because of a graveyard shift that I'd have to take to get a new one. So because the benefits outweigh the costs, I feel that placing some blame on me, the victim here, is totally okay and in fact probably necessary. Of course these two examples represent the two extremes- a situation where victim blaming has no benefits and large costs and vice-versa. A lot of crimes sit somewhere in the middle. In reality, a lot of situations lie somewhere in the grey and the weighing of the costs and benefits is subjective. In this way I think that victim blaming is not inherently flawed, but just used inappropriately because people forget to weigh the costs and benefits against one another. Change my view. (The reason I feel un-easy about this view is that I hear a lot of talk about victim-blaming in sociology classes and it seems that when someone is accused of victim blaming they have auto-lost an argument, regardless of wether their point is supported, so I feel that my view is not held by many)