I believe corporal punishment should be reintroduced into schools. The behaviour of students in class nowadays is appalling. They believe they can get away with anything such as not completing school tasks and disrespecting the teacher by talking back or being disruptive in class. Leaving a physical mark on the student such as the hand or arm including the pain that it comes should be enough to remind them of what they did wrong and if they are punished in front of their peers, the social embarrassment of being beaten in front of them will be enough to effectively change the behaviour of the student. They make be strong will in their attitude but in the end everyone breaks before their hand will. In today's society, they believe that corporal punishment is abusive and just wrong. I believe that to be stupid. Yes, I know teachers will abuse this kind of power, but it can be set up so that they are blacklisted and jailed. But listen, the student isn't going to die. They'll feel the pain, they'll realise the error of their way, and if they continue they'll continue to receive the ultimate punishment and leave school with nothing in their hands. And what's life without pain. Teenagers and children should be awaken to the light that life isn't all fun and games and do whatever you want. Its survival of the fittest and if you aren't strong enough to fit into today's society, how else will you contribute towards it. In the end, I'll be paying for your dole money, or you'll be cleaning up after me. But with the reintroduction of corporal punishment, this can be decreased and the country's future will be improved as the younger generation will learn the error of their ways and live life to their full potential or to something that won't amount to nothing. Granted this form of punishment won't work on all students and some may be diagnosed with ADHD so the impulsivty in the students is quite astounding and it can be dealt with but the most effective form would be ritalin. Now reddit Change My View