I've always seen arguments about music, art, cinema, etc. degenerate into, "Well, everyone has their opinion, taste is subjective." This to me has always seemed quite a cop out, and quite contrary to what we really see working in reality. "J. S. Bach is unquestionably the greatest composer before Mozart, and arguably the greatest ever," begins the bio about Bach in an A to Z composers book I own. Most would have trouble questioning this authoritatively, largely for lack of knowledge and depth of insight into what makes J. S. Bach so great. So, this is not a majority rules decision; no one is taking a vote to determine these things. And almost no one would argue Katy Perry is a better composer than Bach because she is more popular. So it's not based on popularity either? What is it based on, then? I mean, how many people actually listen to J. S. Bach on a regular basis? And of those, how many really do so with a complete understanding of why he is so valued? How many people have tried to write four-part harmonies based on the bass line from his cantatas, and discovered, even in this semi-simple context, that what they came up with is not nearly as good as what he came up with? And when we say 'good', who is deciding what is good? In the end, it's a teeny, tiny minority. Experts, with a trained ear and developed taste. For me, the idea that someone can have a better ear, or that taste can improve or develop, both simple and commonly accepted ideas, by definition is suggesting taste is not totally subjective. If it were, weren't all our ears be equally good? Wouldn't your likes view of Rembrandt as an 8 year-old be the equal to your views as an adult. But we all kind of understand they are not. In addition, to find taste totally subjective would invalidate every artistic award ever given. Every Oscar, Pulitzer, etc. We can argue over the paramount importance of art: Emotional impact, artful creation, difficulty or achievement, but Shakespeare is still going to be Shakespeare. In the end, to me this all points to a rather obvious conclusion: That judgement criteria exist, however 'fuzzy', that can help to objectively identify one work of art as superior to another, and to deny this being the care would require complete blindness to an incredible amount of human behavior and effort.