In 1994, the US Congress was debating a law to create a special category of crime victim. At the time, the ACLU called aspects of the proposed law "repugnant" to the Constitution. Others claimed it created a climate of undue assumptions of violence and victimization. But the people in opposition were at a disadvantage right from the start, because the proposed law was named the Violence Against Women Act. Those who might argue against it, even on reasonable grounds, were seen as monsters, because, "How can you vote against protecting women from violence?!" In the aftermath of 911, the Congress overwhelmingly passed the USA PATRIOT Act, which included provisions that raised serious concerns at the time and have proven quite controversial more than a decade later. But during a time of national pride and anger, how could our representatives vote against something called the "Patriot" act? Josep Goebbels said it was a simple matter to lead the people to war... just tell them they're under threat and denounce the pacifists as unpatriotic. Well, what better way to do that than by making them vote against something with "patriot" in the title? In other countries, laws have simple numbers, not names. This cuts down on the grandstanding and hyperbole. In Uruguay, for example, Law Number 19.172 legalized marijuana, thereby modifying and negating parts of the existing Law Number 14.294. Those numbers don't indicate anything about the subject of the legislation and I think that's good. We should debate the content of the law, not use the title as a shorthand way of condemning anyone who would oppose it. If we're not to judge books by their covers, then it seems at least as appropriate to refrain from judging laws by their titles, and the best way to do that is to remove the titles altogether. EDIT: OK, this has been a whirlwind three hours. Thanks to everyone who contributed their arguments. My view was partially changed, principally by ucmv12a and others who argued that shorthand names are going to get attached to bills anyway, so removing official titles is not going to prevent that. However, I remain unconvinced that removing official titles is completely useless, because I still think, for example, that the authors of an anti-terrorism bill proposed in the wake of an attack on the country gain an advantage by being able to name it the USA PATRIOT Act, when the general public discourse would be more likely to settle on something like "the terrorism bill." Interestingly, nobody argued the complete opposite of my view: that the naming method the US has now, resting in the hands of the bills' authors, is useful and good in some way. The arguments to this point have all been that a change to untitled bills would not resolve the issues I proposed it would or that names are good, but should be better descriptors of the content. To me, this lack of overt support for the status quo implies some change would be, at a minimum, a useful experiment. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!