(If necessary, assume I'm talking about American society, although I think the same applies well enough to all first world countries.) On the female side, my basic premise is that the assumption that women will take off more time for work follows from the assumption that women generally are going to be the primary caregivers to the children in a family. The fact that women historically have been the primary caregivers is why we think this will happen and also why we assume women are the more nurturing and emotional gender (not the other way around I do not think my view can be changed on this point). In other words, the assumption essentially is that "motherhood" defines "womanhood" or at least a woman's "natural" abilities and expected performance, and this is what is both holding back our ability as a society at large to loosen the gender normsrelax the expectations (this affects men and women alike see the end) and also why things like maternity leave are seen as "special rights for women." No matter how many women end up in high level jobs, as long as "family issues" are seen as predominantly "women's issues," the view of women as caretakers will not change. Family issues are just that: family issues. If we assume that we want to encourage people to have children (a relatively stable population is good for the stability of society), people who want to have childrenare planning to have childrendo have children are the ones who are affected by these issues and are the ones who should be advocating for them completely separately from gender equality. At the moment, they do predominantly affect women, but that is essentially because we assume women will be the primary caretaker of the children. Obviously women carry and bear the kids and have to deal with the whole lactation business, but this is both unavoidable and a relatively short period of time in the life of the child. If we're supporting family issues on the whole, the extra needs of women in these acts will already be taken into account. The view that women will not be as good at their jobs after they have kids comes from the expectation that they will divert their energy disproportionately to the rearing of the children until the child is grown. On the flip side, this is also a reason why men traditionally are expected to perform their jobs better upon getting married single people have to do all the mundane stuff that life entails for themselves, which sometimes requires time away from work. If you have a traditional-gender-roles wife, she does all that stuff for you, so you get to be more dedicated to your job. You also have the incentive to be more efficient during the day so you can go home to be with them in the evenings. (This makes more sense to me then the "motivation" argument.) If babies were grown in tubes like in Brave New World and everyone had nannies to do all of the annoying child-rearing tasks like chauffeuring kids to appointments and recitals, we wouldn't assume that women need to take off work to do these things. But we could still argue for parental leave on the basis of it being good for parents to bond with and teach their children. Framing issues like parental leave as "family issues" rather than "women's issues" is good for men too. The rearing of children is not solely the purview of women! It is important for our society for children to be raised with a lot of exposure to a lot of variation in gender. Aggressive men and women, gentle men and women, sensitive men and women, intelligent men and women, artistic men and women, and so on (including non-binary people!), so that they learn to not see the sex of a person as something that rigidly defines characteristics that person should have. Men have (usually much) less flexibility in their gender role than women do because the stereotypically "male" traits are seen as "good" (as in, it's good when girls like boy things) and the stereotypically "female" traits are seen as "bad" (as in, it's bad when boys like girl things). If family issues are seen as not gendered, then the "male" gender role will naturally be able to expand to include more emotion, sensitivity, and the raising of children. Normalizing child-rearing as a gender-neutral process will also help us to stop assuming that any man in the presence of children must be predatory (as it is, since taking care of children is seen as "abnormal" for men, we assume there must be ulterior motives). TL;DR: Not having maternity leave isn't what's keeping women from succeeding. Not being able to separate "family issues" from women is.