So I was listening to [this story] on Radiolab, entitled "What would you pay for a year of life?" It was a really interesting story that got me thinking, and one of the central ideas that they got across is that the value of a year of life is not infinite. In other words Joe Schmoe's life might be worth 100,000 might be worth a million, but surely not a billion dollars. Now when I put it that way I don't think there's too many people who would disagree with me, but I often hear it said in health care debates that medical care is a fundamental andor natural right. I think that is a pretty huge claim. When people make that argument they are fundamentally saying "If you cannot pay for your medical coverage the government should force others to do so on your behalf in the form of taxation." Obviously that's a bit of a straw-man, but the point stands that in a health care system there are finite resources that must be allocated to a surplus of demand. I'm not trying to say we should just let all poor people die or that we need to tear up the ACA (since I do support the idea of Obamacare), but that we need to be honest with ourselves in these conversations. That when we are providing incredibly advanced and expensive treatment options on a large swath of our population, that is a privilege for those treated and a sacrifice for those footing the bill. And not that we are somehow taking away someone's right by denying them access to every available treatment. EDIT: I don't actually think anyone is arguing for unlimited health care. My big point is that saying that there is the right to something implicitly denies that there are limits. The vaunted "Death Pannels" are an example of how this conversation breaks down when we deny limits exist. If people don't realize that dissonance then we can't have a real conversation about where the line should be or how to make priorities. This is a degree argument that we should change our mindset, not anything sweeping about broad healthcare reform. Maybe that's too limited in scope for this forum (not meant to be condescending as that sounded), but please try to keep it to that arena. Thanks! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!