I came to this realization by evaluating the notion of "gender as a social construct" which, for the purposes of this argument, I will hold to be true. Gender is a set of norms, activities, aesthetics and behaviors associated with a distinct "in-group," albeit a very large and encompassing in-group. As such, gender is, effectively, a culture. Furthermore, an important part of all cultures is that individuals must be defined as being outside of the culture; that these individuals will be treated differently and are assumed to have wholly different methodologies. If I, an American, wish to move to France, I would never be able to wholly join French culture. No matter how much French I learn, no matter my affinity for the works of Baudelaire and appreciation of viticulture, I will, at best, be a hybrid of American and French culture. My experiences, assumptions, values and formative experiences will be influenced by my time spent as an American in America, forever changing the ways through which I interface with French culture. In this example, "American" is the thesis, "French" is the Antithesis, and the resultant culture to which I will ultimately belong is the synthesis: somewhat distinct from French culture even if it is subtle. Similarly, transgendered individuals and those suffering from sexual dysmorphia will interface with the gender with which they identify through their experiences as being outside of the gendered in-group for a significant portion of their lives. If someone wishes to transition to being, say, female, their experiences as being part of the male in-group (regardless of whether or not they personally believe they can or should belong to it), they will always arrive at a synthesis; "transwoman," in this case. Ultimately, it is disingenuous to say that a trans individual is a woman or a man because those groups are cultures which deal with issues of inclusivity and exclusivity. These individuals must be referred to as "transmen," "transwomen" or another, non-binary gender but they cannot ever fully integrate into a preextant gender the same way an immigrant to a new nation can never be entirely a part of the culture of their nation of residence. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!