EDIT: Haha the amount of downvotes on this is crazy. Looks like I hit a nerve or something. First, I define "enthusiastic consent" the state of consenting to sex not only technically (i.e. saying yes regardless of context) but also with clear demonstration that you are excited and happy about the prospect. It's a big deal in many feminist spaces, most prominently including the feminist subreddits here (ie. twoxchromosomes, raskwomen, rfeminism, etc). A lot of feminists I have spoken to would like to see a society where there's a legal requirement for one party to get enthusiastic consent before doing anything physical with another party. Not getting enthusiastic consent would be, in this ideal society, seen as rape and would lead to criminal charges. This would include cases where the girl either participated and didn't say no, meekly said yes, reluctantly agreed, said yes after saying no a few times, etc. First of all, I strongly disagree with the entire concept of enthusiastic consent because I think it is infantalizing women and denying them agency - basically telling them that when they say "yes" it isn't enough, they need to be clearer about it. If a woman is just naturally meek? Tough luck. But that's not the main part of my post. I believe that if we as a society teach our children enthusiastic consent and pressure people to follow it, then it is only logical that we apply the principle to other things besides sex. Why put up sex on a pedestal? Why is sex the only situation where we should expect a person to be excited about what they're doing? Why do we put up sex as such as sacred cow? - If a customer is buying a product, they should have to legally and morally demonstrate enthusiastic consent. If a store owner manages to persuade them of the product's viability and they finally give up and say "oh, okay, I'll get it" - then the storeowner should be charged with theft. It's basically a mugging at that point because the customer bought the product reluctantly, right? At the very least, the storeowner should be shamed and ostracized by society for his actions. - Politicians should not be allowed to aggressively campaign and try hard to convince fence-sitting voters to vote for them. That would be considered mental pressure. If a person votes for a politician reluctantly (ie. "well, he's the least of two evils after being approached repeatedly by that politician's supporters, frequently handed pamphlets, etc - then the politician and hisher supporters should be arrested. After all, the voter was pressured into supporting that politician, right? The voter didn't do so with enthusiasm. A lot of feminists should see this as coercion. These are just two examples of what I honestly believe is a logical continuation of "enthusiastic consent." There is no rational basis for limiting that concept to just sex, if we accept it as a society. To be clear, I don't support such a society. My argument is that the feminists who aggressively spread the concept of enthusiastic consent should logically want to apply it to other areas as well - pretty much any situation where a person is doing something unenthusiastically after being persuaded. Please change my view. TL;DR: Enthusiastic consent, if we accept it as a society, shouldn't be limited to sex. It is only logical to apply it to a variety of other situations, basically anytime someone does something after being mentally pressured. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!