Just seems like girls have a much easier time finding dates becuase there are a million ways for a guy to screw up, plus it always seems that girls are more wanted in social situations (hence the reason for ladies night) guys usually have to "man up" and ask the girl, but heaven forbid he gets labeled "trying too hard." There are things like ladies night where guys go because there are girls, but girls go for the cheaper drinks. If a guy hits on a girl the wrong way its creepy, or its not bold enough depending on the girl. If a guy's a virgin he obviously isn't normal, but if a girl is then thats fine. I think girls have a much easier time dating. Please CMV edit: thank you all for providing intelligent discussion and expanding my view. I would still say that the average single guy (18-30, decently fit, etc) has a harder time finding a date than the average single woman with the same conditions. However, if both are unattractive, the guy will have more options to become attractive than the girl. There is pretty much no argument that it is easier for a girl to get laid under all conditions. some new viewpoints: 1.) girls have more risk involved in dating, or at least more perceived risk. I am not sure on the actual numbers but girls feel as though every first date could go very wrong, versus guys maybe feel that every first date could just be boring at worst. It should be noted that men can get drugged and or raped just as women. 2.) Guy's attractiveness spectrum is somewhat more balanced: if a guy is hot he will not have as much of an advantage as a hot girl, but if a guy is ugly he has more of a chance to make up for himself. Similar issues with age. That being said, more a higher percentage of women fall into the attractive side than men. 3.) Girls have and easier time getting laid, but much harder time finding a real relationship. A argument came that there is no possible way for menwomen to have a hardereasier time finding significant dates if you exclude homosexual relationships, since if you compare the numbers it will by definition be equal. Some debate is still over what is harder: sorting through a number of guys or trying to convince her you are worth it. 4.) guys have more control since they are more able to ask a girl versus having social pressure to not ask a guy. Again, this may be true but I am not sure that having more control is any easier. A pilot has more control over the plane than the passengers. What has seemingly not been brought up: is it harder for a girl to know she is attractive enough? on some levels, i can see the argument - how would a girl know if her boobs are big enough (or face pretty enough or etc) to grab attention of the guys?