My wife and I have decided not to raise our daughter to believe in Santa. I'm not looking to have my view changed about this. I think it's wrong and I won't be doing it. Still, my views on this inform my views on the title question, so it's worth mentioning them: - (1) While lying to children is sometimes necessary, it does need to justified. The scale of the deception involved in getting kids to believe in Santa needs a particularly strong justification that I just don't think is there. I don't know of a reason good enough to justify that level of deception. - (2) I think there's a real risk of kids being harmed when they find out the truth. Strong negative feelings, particularly those of being betrayed or duped, are a clearly forseeable possibility, especially given the extent of the deception. Invariably, when I discuss the issue with people who have no problem with the Santa lie, they ask me what I'll do when my daughter "spoils" it for other kids. I kind of think "so what?." My main reason is this: - (3) Asking children to "keep the secret" is asking them to lie. Given my claim, (1) that the level of deception is not justified, I don't see how asking children to participate in that deception is justified either. It strikes me as manipulative. One line of objection that I've considered is that there's a tension between (2) and (3). Namely, if you don't ask your child to lie, you risk them harming other kids. I'd be really interested in exploring this line of argument. My off-the-cuff reply is this: - (4) Children young enough to believe in Santa won't uncritically accept their peers' views over their parents', so there's far less risk of a child being responsible for the harms mentioned in (2) than a parent. I'm interested discussing any of these points but I think for my view to be changed, I'd need to be convinced that (3) isn't true. This could be by way of (1) or (4), or for some other reason. Edit: Thanks for all the comments, everyone. I still don't want my daughter to lie about Santa, but you've all given me good points to think about. I should also add a few points of clarification: Firstly, I can't really answer questions about whether we lie to our daughter about other things, or what we tell her about Santa right now. She's only two years old so a lot of those questions aren't really applicable yet. One of my reasons for doing the CMV now, rather than later, is get a better idea of what to do while there's still time. Secondly, just because we plan on telling her the truth about Santa, we don't mean to banish Santa talk from the house. The plan is to do all the usual Christmas things, including the Santa things, while being explicit that Santa stories are just pretend. And finally, just because I don't want her to have to lie to other kids about Santa doesn't mean I'll be encouraging her to "evangelise" the truth either. I'd want her to feel comfortable sharing her views but not make other kids uncomfortable for sharing theirs.