Hello everyone, I have been playing video games since I was only a year old (Pong is not complicated science), and ever since I have bought and played many, many titles over many different systems and, for the most part (looking at you Sonic '06) enjoyed the hell out of them. However, when the gaming world took a turn for the multiplayer and the MMORPG, people started to become, at least in my view, more cynical, bitter, and paranoid about any new feature or hotfix. I've lost the last decade of my life in WoW, and oh my good guava, those people are more toxic than Cartman's Nagasaki Fart. Everything is always about arguing and negativity, either at the developers themselves or, barring anything to argue about, they EAT EACH OTHER. Any attempt to have constructive conversation about how a feature or hotfix could be a net good for the community as a whole, you are accused of "White Knighting" and being a "fanboy." My CMV is this: Why is this a bad thing? In the past, you had Nintendo fanboys and Sega fanboys. You supported the system and its developer, and you generally bought products from them, trusting in the quality. Sometimes this was a good thing (The Incredible Hulk would break every bone in his hands trying to bend a Game Boy Color), sometimes you got burned (Dreamcast, you had such potential!). The point is, fanboy was just a word to describe a preference in the console wars. It was never meant to be used as a derogatory term. As for white knighting, I think this is a good thing. Think about this from a developer standpoint. You release this game, or implement new features, or hotfix issues, and you turn to the forums or social media for input on how it was received, and comb through it for new and interesting ways to make it better or put in something fun and possible within development time. Now imagine all you ever see are people calling you out, calling for your whole company to fail, and sometimes just insulting you or telling you they quit every week over and over. It would discourage you from interacting with the community, right? White knights, as they are called, are not inherently bad, in my opinion. They can offer constructive criticism, they can point out the positives in the new content or game, they can express their love for the design or gameplay aspects. They can be a counter to all the negativity you see across every single multiplayer game out there (LoL's community scares the hell out of me). When did it become a bad thing to actually ENJOY a game? Why must you deride and denounce the very developers who gave you the game you are playing? And more importantly, if you hate the game this much, why are you still here to stir up shit in the first place, especially when some forums require you to have an ACTIVE subscription to even post? I just want to see a counter-point to this that isn't someone telling me to give a shotgun a blowjob. Change my view, or at least help me understand why people hate people like me so much. Thank you for your time! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!