It's obvious that the world is moving too quickly for our government to keep up. We suffer from outdated IP laws, drug laws, regulation, economic policy, criminal policy, etc. To top it off, politicians on both sides are overly conservative and resistant to change. I think the US could learn from Chinese special economic zones] " by creating what I call "social innovation zones" where we could test out innovative laws against key benchmarks. These zones could be either entire states or counties depending on the experiment. They should control for wealth ethnicity as much as possible. Here are some examples: zones where guns are either completely banned or completely free, with benchmarks on gun abuse murder rates to see which system is better at preventing violence zones where controlled substances are completely legal or illegal to see which systems reduce crime, health and social side effects of drug use zones with reduced (pharmaceutical) drug regulation to see if health care metrics improve and costs come down (or get worse). zones with either increased or reduced social welfare (food stamps, welfare, college aid, social security), benchmarked against social mobility, crime stats, graduation rates, etc zones with relaxed immigration measured against unemployment, job creation, economic growth, crime stats, etc zones where everyone is given a flat grant measured against GDP growth, social metrics. zones with without affirmative action measured against social mobility for minorities vs their effects on non-minorities. Here are the potential pitfalls and possible mitigations: Businesses will likely migrate into these zones to capitalize on reduced regulation. This can be mitigated by charging a fee for operating within the zone. This fee can also be part of the experiment Criminals may do the same (e.g. drug dealers). Penalties could be higher within the zones (e.g. increasing penalties for violent crime) People living within the zones may not be on board (NIMBYs). This is a universal problem (think highways, power plants, etc). These people could be compensated (money, relocation subsidies). Some people will have to just deal with it or leave, as always with legal changes. The political establishment is caught in a quagmire and in the meantime we're suffering at their failure to act. As the world is changing so quickly, inaction is fatal. By learning from the academic and business culture of controlled experimentation, the political community can become more agile and capable of responding to the modern world by using this model. I understand this is different, but I'm asking you guys if it's unreasonable. I think it's possible. Please change my view.