For the record, I think it's perfectly fine if you just want to get high. But the medical marijuana industry in places like California and Colorado is a complete farce. The dispensaries are filled with Bob Marley posters and rasta colors. It's basically a caricature of the worst type of stoner. And do you really think some grandma suffering from chronic pain is going to go into what is basically a headshop, ask the dredlocks-wearing clerk if she can get a half-zip, and then go home and fire it up in her two foot bong? That image is comical, and yet it's what most medical marijuana advocates seem to want you to believe is happening. I know for a fact that it is possible in both Colorado and California to obtain a medical license even if you are a perfectly health young person. I have plenty of friends who have paid a nominal fee to a doctor to get their weed card. I think that the vast majority of people see through this farce for what it is, and it's harmful to the greater movement of legalization. If it's medical, then it should really be medical, meaning that it should be prescribed by a doctor, bought at a pharmacy, and probably ingested or vaporized. I can't imagine that any medical professional would ever consider smoking a blunt to be a legitimate medical treatment. I know of no other drug that has its own special shop; there's no Clarinex dispensary or Viocdin shop. And if it's not medical (which is so obviously the case if we're just honest for a minute), then don't call it medical. In my opinion, you should be able to go to the headshop and buy some weed. You should be able to smoke it or consume it basically however you want to. But calling it medical is just ridiculous. In sum: (1) I think consuming, possessing, buying, selling and growing cannabis should be perfectly legal for adults with very minimal restrictions. (2) I think that medical marijuana is perfectly valid in theory, but in current practice it is a complete farce. My random guess would be that it's 90 perfectly healthy people who just want to smoke weed. (3) The fact that medical marijuana is such a thinly-veiled joke hurts the overall cause. The people who would actually benefit medicinally are unlikely to go into a dispensary because it doesn't even come close to resembling a medical facility, and it stigmatizes people who would benefit from medical marijuana because everyone knows that "medical marijuana" today is basically a codeword for legal weed for recreational purposes. (4) It's just a silly jumping-through-hoops sort of bullshit. Just legalize it already and save everyone the hassle and the hypocrisy.