I have seen a lot of CMV posts about opting out of child support entirely, but I have a slightly different perspective on the issue and would be interested to hear opposing views. From what I've read about child support calculation there are a variety of models used by different states and different countries, but the common thread between all of them is income. Some also consider age of the child, difference in income between parents, standard of living adjustments, etc. In theory I get it, but the implications in practice really bother me and I think the basis behind the laws regulating child support calculation are a little outdated and unfair. Here's a summary of my objections: Above a certain amount why should income be taken into account? For example, let's consider two friends Jane and Anna. Jane has a baby with her ex-boyfriend who earns 25k per year and Anna has a baby with her ex-boyfriend who earns 150k per year. Assuming both women have similar incomes and lifestyles before children, most child support calculations would award Anna much more child support than Jane. But why? Is Anna's child more deserving of money than Jane's child? Why should calculations assume a relationship or marriage? Many child support calculations are based on the income that would have been dedicated to the child if the parents lived together. If a woman gets pregnant from a one night stand or a non-serious relationship, why should there be any assumption by the courts that the parents would have lived together and raised the child together? A married couple living together with children spend their income differently than single people without children. So why should a relationship be assumed and considered when it did not exist in the first place? Why is standard of living important? Some child support calculations take into account the accustomed or increased standard of living when calculating support amounts. Let's be honest here, is there ever really a need for 5k per month in child support? Just because someone is wealthy, why does that mean they are automatically expected to provide a high level of financial support to their children. Where exactly is that money going? In most cases it isn't all going to the child and I think that is problematic. The point of child support money is for support of the child, not the creation of an expensive lifestyle for the child and custodial parent. In my opinion, a basic formula should be developed (adjusted for cost of living by area) that accounts for the average amount required to support a child's basic monthly needs at varying age levels. This amount would take into account food, transportation, clothing, medical and other miscellaneous expenses. The child support amount could be then simply read off a table rather than dedicating time and resources into courts and legal decisions. If this amount is more than 15 of monthly net income, the child support paying parent would be limited to pay 15 as support for that child. A parent shouldn't be struggling financially to pay their own bills in order to be able to keep up with child support payments. For parents where this amount is less than 15 of monthly net income, they would pay the set amount as given by the formula. If parents have 5050 joint custody, there would be no child support awarded, because both parents should be equally supporting the child. For other custody situations the child support amount would be calculated down or up based on custody percentage. So am I missing something here? To me what I've described above seems to be a much fairer system than the way child support is currently calculated. So please, CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!