Thought occasioned by the U.K's porn filter law. Now, yes, there is no question that it is a terrible, no-good, very bad law. But look at the current situation - there are effectively zero safeguards against children accessing porn websites. Any child can access a porn site, check an "over 18" box, and go to town. Porn sites could certainly stop this, were they of a mind to do so. They could require a refunded microtransaction on the part of the customer to ensure said customer has a credit card, for example. They simply don't want to bother, and strive to know as little as possible so they can't be held liable. In the real world, this would be the equivalent of the porn seller shutting themselves up in a closed booth, shoving out a signed contract of "I solemnly avow that I am over 18" before accepting payment. But I'm not just picking on porn sites here. The entire Internet, since it became a consumer product, has dealt with governments in bad faith. Entire business models rose up based on "act now, figure out if legal later," which turned into "act now, kick and scream and fight and evade legal action later." Amazon with sales tax, P2P with copyright, etc. And the best evasion, as always, is to claim whatever law is being broken shouldn't exist in the first place.... while trying as fast as possible to transform society such that the law can't be taken seriously to begin with. Coincidentally, this positions a lot of those same companies to dominate a newly legal market they're already established in. Peer-to-peer networks in particular, seem to delight in the don't-want-to-know model, whilst a clear majority of their traffic comes from sources that would indeed make trouble for those who knew. I contend that all of the cases I've enumerated above are about the same thing - power: Governments of the Industrial World, you weary giants of flesh and steel, I come from Cyberspace, the new home of Mind. On behalf of the future, I ask you of the past to leave us alone. You are not welcome among us. You have no sovereignty where we gather. [That's from 1996, people] . I think it reflects the attitude that led businesses to try the aforementioned "act now, legal later" tactics. A sort of unconscious feeling of entitlement to sovereignty despite utilizing a communications network physically based inside the borders of existing sovereign entities. There is a sense of outrage that the government dares to try to tell websites or ISPs how to conduct their affairs in any way. It's the feeling that the government should butt out, that what happens on the Internet does not concern it, even as the Internet becomes more and more entangled in every aspect of the world. Am I judging this attitude? I am not. But did any of us expect governments would allow such a challenge to go unchecked? That they would allow web sites to get a free ride forever? It lasted as long as it has based mainly on momentum and technical ignorance. At the end of the day, the Internet exists at the sufferance of the governments that control the land on which it is based. Laws along the lines of the porn filter, SOPA and it's ilk are simply a harsh reminder to the technical community of that, more of a returning salvo than anything else. Regardless of which side of the debate people fall on.... this is not a constructive way to conduct it, on either end. In short - I believe the Internet has violated and attempted to usurp the sovereiginity of existing governments since it became available to the mass populace, if only by not attempting to regulate itself. Whether or not one considers this a good thing or not, all involved should have realized it would cause an inevitable backlash in the form of government crackdowns, which are occurring now.