Let me start off by stating that their plan is straight up unsustainable. Sure, I get that it's a short-term 2 week plan, but I don't see how someone could possibly keep off the weight they lost after going back to their original diet after those two weeks. Here's why: First off, the daily calorie intake of an average person using the Special K plan is only 830 calories. Let me break this down; breakfast consists of a bowl of Special K cereal and milk (160 calories), next there's a morning snack of a cereal bar (90 calories), lunch consists of a protein shake or meal bar (180 calories), another snack of a cereal bar or crackers (90 calories), and finally dinner consists of things like meal bars, chili, ravioli, or cereal (probably around 300 calories). This all adds up to around 830 calories, which combined with working out and burning off even more energy and calories, is way to low for the average person. Let's just use females for an example here, since the plan seems to be marketed toward females. The average-height, moderately-active female should be getting 2000-2,2000 calories per day . Sure, eating less calories will make you lose weight, but more 1,300 calories below the daily requirement seems very excessive. Now, the Special K plan allows you to eat unlimited fruit throughout the day, which is all well and good, but you'd have to eat a lot of fruit to reach the 2,000 calorie mark. Next, the food is just not that sustainable. For example, the chocolate strawberry cereal only has 2g of protein per serving. Personally I have not used the Special K diet, but I have eaten the cereal because I liked the flavor. However, it always leaves me so hungry. Breakfast should be an energizing meal to get you through the morning, and 2g of protein doesn't seem to cut it, especially if you're following breakfast with a workout. The bottom line is that you'll probably lose around 5 pounds if you stick to the plan for 2 weeks, but is this because of a healthy, sustainable diet, or simply low caloric intake? Wouldn't someone just gain the weight right back after going back to their original diet after the 2 week plan is up? I think it's better to lose weight the healthy way: by eating a natural, long-lasting, sustainable diet that adds up to a healthy caloric intake. (I used the Special K Classic Plan as a reference in many instances) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!