Speaking on the recent events were NFL player Ray Rice was involved in a domestic violence incident with his wife Smith said: "What I've tried to employ the female members of my family - some of who you all met and talked to and what have you - is that ... let's make sure we don't do anything to provoke wrong actions, because if I come - or somebody else come, whether it's law enforcement officials, your brother or the fellas that you know - if we come after somebody has put their hands on you, it doesn't negate the fact that they already put their hands on you." Which, in my opinion, really does make sense. Females shouldn't provoke violence. This is different than the whole asking for rape issue. Should women really expect to be able to get into a mans face and try to provoke him towards violence and not expect anything to happen? His coworker Michelle Beadle responded with: "So I was just forced to watch this morning's First Take. A) I'll never feel clean again B) I'm now aware that I can provoke my own beating." "I'm thinking about wearing a miniskirt this weekend...I'd hate to think what I'd be asking for by doing so stephenasmith. dontprovoke" Which seems like she is just trying to adjust his argument to fit the women's right movement. He never said anything about provoking inappropriate behavior through the way women dress. And to her first tweet, yes women can provoke their own beating. Getting up in someones face and spitting at them and hitting them is provoking a beating. I think Stephen A Smith said nothing wrong and infact Beadle is the one in the wrong here. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!