First, what I don't mean: 1 - I DON'T mean a unified culture that stamps out all the rich and unique diversity of humanity. Each individual region should continue to have their own languages, cuisine, religions, art, festivals, etc. 2 - I DON'T mean one of the current countries that exists gets elevated to suddenly rule the world. Rather it would be a multicultural organization where each region has representatives, but each member is ultimately loyal to the earthhumanity as a whole rather than vying for their country's interests. 3 - I DON'T mean that this unified body is a dictatorship with the ultimate authority to do whatever they want. There would have to be a system of checks and balances between the interests of the countries and the power of the unified government to ensure they only affect matters that are truly international, and do not start micromanaging each country's affairs. Now that that's out of the way, specifics: I think all military might and ultimate control of finite resources should be gathered under one banner and used to ensure peace and prosperity for all. People who enlist in the military would be trained and dispersed around the world, from every country to every country, in a multinational peacekeeping effort. Decisions made regarding distribution of resources would be based on scientific principles and long-term, sustainable goals, rather than what would be the most convenient or most profitable for one businesscountry or another. In order to ensure that those in this United Earth Government do not have selfish reasons to seek power, all members of it would have severe personal limits on their individual freedom and prosperity. This means complete transparency in all financial matters (think an individual internet profile open to all to see), an inability to participate in decisions that directly involve countries of origin (that's what those countries' representatives are for) and so on. They would be unable to inherit, nor would their children be able to inherit, nor their children's children, anything from the rest of their relatives... they would effectively cut themselves off from the rest of the world and "start anew" in terms of lineage. So, with all that in mind... First off, my perspective is informed by a bias toward democraticrepublic government and secular utilitarian values. In other words, I think the best (or rather, least bad) form of government is one where the members are elected by the populace, and that the role of society should be to protect and serve the many rather than the few, without discrimination for race, gender, sexuality, all that good stuff. Secondly, I am fully aware of all the ways this can go horribly, horribly wrong. My assertion is that it's still the better option than the way our current planet functions, with rampant nationalism that, world wars aside, came unbelievably close to bringing about nuclear winter once before and is likely to at some point in the future again (as the technology for nuclear weapons become harder and harder to restrict and contain). Third, my primary concern is environmental. While I am still hopeful for a scientific solution to global warming, fresh water shortages, overfishing, and other adverse affects human short-sightedness has on sustainability, at some point or another I feel like the world's going to need to get its shit together and make hard decisions, as a whole, and that this will never happen as long as individual countries are unwilling to make sacrifices. I've read a lot of science fiction, a lot of history, a lot of politics and economics and sociology. I know the dystopian nightmare this concept evokes in many people. My ideal world is probably impossible, but I don't believe progress is made by ONLY striving for perfection, but both striving for perfection AND accepting half-measures and compromises along the way. I know I'm not the only person who thinks themselves a citizen of the earth first and foremost. Who cares about ALL humanity, rather than just those in his backyard. And I think people who feel that way can and should be given the authority to make decisions that affect the world. Not that those who care more about their region don't have a place too. Each region SHOULD have representatives that work for their own people's best interest, makes sure they're not lost among the crowd, taken advantage of, that their voices are heard. I could go on for pages and pages of details on how I envision this working to maximize fairness and justice and minimize corruption and favoritism, but I'll leave it as it is for now and let the comments bring that stuff out if needed. Now then, how all this would come about is a completely different matter than all that. Personally I think the most likely answer is alien invasion, but until then, the how this might occur isn't as important to me as whether or not it should in the first place. TL;DR: I believe the future of the planet and humanity would be best served by a single governing body that has ultimate say over matters between countries or that affect the world as a whole, and that even with the potential negatives, the goods outweigh the bads. So. CMV, please and thank you. Edit: Thanks for some of the great replies. To clear up a point of confusion, individual countries would still exist. Think of the governments as City State Country Global if that helps. The only things that matter to the global government are issues that affect more than one country. So there can still be healthy competition and localized representationlaws and all that good stuff, but if two countries have a dispute about resources, or one country is messing with the ecosystem, the global government is the final arbiter. Edit 2: To further clarify and expand on an example of checks and balances, this global government would not have control of the military power. They are tasked with the administration and logistics of the military to ensure it is truly multicultural and bring it under one chain of command, but no one in this global government could initiate a deployment of the military without the votes of the world's governments to do so. The global government acknowledges the need, if there is one, and the individual governments decide if it's sufficient to warrant the mobilization. If that vote doesn't happen, military action isn't taken.