I have always taken evening showers and I'm thinking about changing that. I know many people take them in the mornings but while doing it for a week I just don't understand the point. What I like about it is that if it's cold you can take a hot shower and feel better and energised. Your hair is wet though and you can catch a cold when you go outside. You don't sweat (nearly as much) during the night. If you take a shower before going to bed you feel clean, you sleep better and you smell nice. If you sleep with somebody even better. If you take the shower a bit earlier you can have a nice calm evening with a glass of wine. You wake up in the morning still clean, bed sheets clean as well. You get up 10-20 minutes later and there's no hassle, just take on your clothes, drink a coffee and get out. If you take a shower in the morning that means you pretty much need to spend all your day more or less sweaty. I'm not talking dripping with sweat, just the amount of uncleanliness that makes you need to change your underwear daily. You go to bed dirty, you don't smell as nice and it might get noticed. In the morning it's worse than ever as stuff builds up in your sheets which, if not changed often will get a smell as well. If you own a bath, you can't really take a bath in the morning. If you want to shower before going out with friends it's unpleasant to need to take two showers a day. Two showers a day are a no-no. I wouldn't be comfortable with wasting so much water. I hope you understood what I'm getting at. None of this is game breaking, of course, it's just that I know many people shower in the morning and I can't figure out why. So... CMV please! edit: since nobody seems to understand my changing the underwear daily idea allow me to explain: I was afraid that you might say "oh well it doesn't matter you don't get that dirty during the day anyways" so I used the underwear thing (of course you change your underwear daily!) so I can show that it is unpleasant and it is to be avoided. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!