The Founding Fathers were all wealthy, educated, free white men. They owned a lot of land. The whole separation between the colonies and England resulted from the new aristocracy in the Americas feeling like they weren't getting the same respect and reverence as the old aristocracy. Hence, we get the whole "taxation without representation" thing, which was just them bitching about the fact that they weren't being respected enough in the old aristocracy in England to be included in these important matters. This disagreement over taxation was just symptom of an inferior complex, which tipped the balance over to full-brown and rhetoric filled fight for freedom and the England-was-evil thing we've all been taught in schools. But a revolution is impossible with a bunch of rich, white aristocratic men like George Washington (the richest man in America). So in order to get popular support, documents and noble sounding ideologies were thought up and immortalized in the Declaration of Independence, Constitution, Bill of Rights, etc. An example of rhetoric aimed at inciting popular support for an otherwise rich, white men's war is the "All men are create equal..." statement that's so famous today. That phrase was never meant to include any other men except the rich white men of the new aristocracy. Hence we have a few hundred more years of civil rights for blacks and women's suffrage. Hell, not all white me were included as only rich, land-owning white men have any power, never mind other races and women. Even after America won its independence, land, power, influence, and prestige such suffrage was only limited to a tiny minority (white land-owning men) which was problematic because back then very few white men were rich enough, unless the were tied to the old aristocracy back in England, to own any land. Most were dirt poor indentured servants, so they were as good off as blacks and women. Events after the Revolutionary War saw the even more power in the hands of the new elites while everyone else were in the same place they were before the war. tl;dr The founding of the United States was an effort of the new aristocracy in the Americas to break away from the old aristocracy in England. Everything else was just a bunch of rich white men trying to get the masses to support them. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!