Re-posting because I forgot to put CMV in the title, so auto-mod removed it. College costs are competing now with the housing for the right to be called the biggest investment of a lifetime. Yet we have young kids, who have no idea what they are going to be doing with their lives go and make this investment, without any idea whether it will ever pay off. Take chances, they say. Make mistakes, they say. Get messy! Well, after a 4 year-long party quite a few people end up 250k in debt serving coffee at a local Starbucks. Thing is, if you serve coffee anyway, you might as well own the place, and 250k makes a solid downpayment on a coffee shop. You don't need a college degree for an office job. You don't need a college degree to be a real estate agent. You don't need a degree to be a copywriter, or even a journalist. Very few professions - medicine, engineering, law, research - actually require one, so unless you go into one of these - and you better know which one upfront - you are probably making a VERY big mistake paying quarter million dollars for just a holding pen to mature. So my proposition is - unless you are mature enough to know what you will be doing with your life - don't go to college. Go get a job. Join Peace Corps. Intern somewhere - even if you don't make money, at least you aren't wasting much of it. Learn what your profession will be THEN go to college to study FOR IT. Or don't - if your profession does not require it. P.S. As a hiring manager for one of the world's largest software development companies, I often go to colleges to recruit on site. Both good schools, and bad schools. Typically in a bad school there would be 1-2 people (out of 30-50 that I'd meet in the few days I am there) who would be worth hiring. ALL of them would be at this particular school for a wrong reason: they could have been going to Stanford, Harvard, MIT, or CMU, but they went to XX State because it was close to home, or they got a stipend. Well, if they were to go to Harvard, every top ten company in the world would be competing for them with 6 digit offers, but as it stands now, they will be lucky if they ever met anyone from Google or Microsoft, and will probably end up updating banking software for year 2038 a la Office Space. If they did understand the industry before going to school (and it's not really that hard, most of us learned programming waaaaay before college), they would know, and not make this mistake. As it happens, however, they've made this important decision when being unqualified to make it - and with the expected results.