I'm from the US and I have never experienced anything but frustration in using government issued id. There's also been a push, in my view, to use some people's lack of id as a way to discriminate against lower income people by preventing them from voting. I think the most reasonable solution is to combine the passportdrivers licensesocial security card and all other forms of id into a single id that is free and issued by the federal government. First of all, it ends the fight over the voter id, which has been going on for a while and shouldn't be a huge issue. People who are allowed to vote shouldn't be hindered and if you can easily go get a free id card then you can't say low income people can't get them. It could function as a driver's license by simply including state information on the card. The existing system of state's approving licensed drivers doesn't have to change, just adapt to a new medium. Instead of printing their own cards, they imprint their data on your card (or maybe store it in a database to be looked up). It could also help identify illegal immigrants, something that so many people seem to be concerned about right now. Since it's universally recognizable, and everyone would have one, it's a form of identification that would easily verify citizenship (or visa status). I hate the social security cards they issue. It's a slip of paper with my name and a number on it. Yet every time I get a new job, they demand to see it. What the hell does it prove? Absolutely nothing. It does not identify me in any way. A national id card could have a ssn on it and since it would have a picture too, it would actually identify me. To subsidise the system, it need not be free for everyone. Ideally it would be, but as a compromise, it could be free to people earning fewer than x dollars a year. TL;DR A national id card would vastly improve the current US system of identification. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!