I don't think tobacco is that bad. I've had family members addicted and die as a consequence of smoking cigarettes, but a cigarette is like taking nicotine shots, it's not surprising that 40-60 a day will kill you dead. It seems to me that the insidiousness of cigarettes has led to a Reefer Madness hysteria against tobacco products in general. My view is that cigarettes and even chew are that bad, but this is due to the level of exposure and intensity of it. Pipe tobacco, for example, rarely gives a "nicotine rush" and a good smoke is considered relaxing. Cigars are more rush prone, but smoked slowly it's usually very mild. As a consequence, it seems the nicotine equivalent of having a beer (pipes) or a glass of Scotch (cigars) insofar as "drunkenness" and addiction and health risk is concerned. I don't think that the occasional bowl of tobacco or cigar, or even several times a week, is that big a deal. I think the daily use is probably less risky than a daily cheeseburger, and riskier than daily coffee. Health aside, regarding addiction: I began smoking pipe tobacco in late 2012 for my own reasons. Sometimes I had tobacco for months, sometimes I went without, but I generally had it. I never had withdrawal symptoms. Between that, I tried [snuff] here and there. More recently my sources dried up and a friend of mine really got into cigars, and began sharing high quality cigars with me. Often several a week, until we went to the Comic Con of cigars, Cigar Aficionado's Big Smoke, in which I picked up almost 100 "samplesfull high quality cigars from top manufacturers. I began smoking cigars daily. Recently I got ahold of pipe tobacco and got over cigars. I don't like how heavy they are. Still, for several months I had daily cigars, which were orders of magnitude heavier and harder-hitting than any pipe tobacco I could hope to chain smoke. Anyway, I haven't missed cigars since switching back to pipe tobacco, and my pipe tobacco dosage didn't really go up. I can notice that the pipe tobacco is significantly milder. Anyway, I just quit the pipe tobacco because I didn't want to sour my pipe and forgot about it, and have been off of it for almost a week. No cravings or withdrawal symptoms. I do acknowledge that nicotine is addictive, saying otherwise is ludicrous. However, I don't think that pipes or cigars can render a person "dependent" like cigarettes, and are probably less aggressive than coffee insofar as addiction is concerned. This is unanimously what pipe smokers in particular report, but I didn't fully believe it until I experienced it. Tobacco isn't that bad. Some forms are insidious, but the risk isn't that much greater than for ordinary daily risks, and is only pronounced if abused; which addiction might tempt, but it isn't powerful enough to cause the insatiable heroincokeetc. type addiction to nicotine that cigarettes do. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!