To get this out of the way from the start: Yes, I do agree that this is a somewhat "radical" way of thinking, and yes, I've never been in a relationships and I have minor dating experience (mostly from OKC) so my personal experiences are definitely lacking, so input from people who are indeed experienced can help change my view. Now, I'm not saying that having a SO isn't "good," nor am I saying that dating and such aren't great experiences. I'm sure they are. And, after all, as a species is something that we inherently need, it's not like I don't feel lonely sometimes. But then when I think about the effort you have to put into those, specially being a shy, introverted guy that simply can't stand most of the process, I do have to wonder if it's worth it. Every time I think I should go to a bar and "try to meet someone," I quickly dismiss the idea because, being honest, I'd have to do it several months so maybe something happens, instead of doing stuff I actually like doing in that time. That's my main point here, but I'll be giving more general examples. Ignoring rare situations or just plain luck (childhoodteen days relationship lasting entire life, meeting people on unlikely places, etc), the "usual" methods to meet people are just a massive timeeffort investiment that may or may not lead somewhere. Going to bars every weekend, approaching dozens of strangers so that you may or may not get something that may or may not turn into a relationship, or sending online messages (say OKC) for hundreds of people, for a handful of replies and an even smaller number of first dates and so on. That's just a huge, huge waste of time whenever you "fail." I haven't even talked about all things that "should" be done to increase your chances, from the minor little changes (say, buying new clothes you don't need or want just to look good) to major (finding new hobbies to become "more interesting," complete lifestyle changes), and depending on the circumstances (the worse you are at the start point, the more effort you have to put) these could be huge, several year long undertakings. And after all that, once you DO get in a relationship, there's a lot of concessions, lifestyle changes and effort you (both) have to do to maintain it, and ultimately even that relationship may end and you're back to step one. What I want to say is. ultimately we devote a LOT of time in order to enter and maintain relationships, many of the things we do for that goal are not necessarily things we want to do or enjoy, and they take time that would otherwise be spent doing what we DO enjoy. I personally don't think doing so is worth it at the end, specially when it may take over time you could use doing stuff you enjoy, and even more so the less attractive (in the general sense, not just physical looks) you are. You're giving away your short (maybe not so short) term happiness for a gamble on being happy on the future, which may not even happen. CMV. EDIT: Just to clarify - I'm not saying it's not that it's not worth to everyone, but that at least in some cases (say, people with unattractive personality, appearance, hobbies, etc), the effort benefits ratio is just too skewed, and not worth the trouble if you're happy with what you are and do. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!