I believe the US, or any country, should be allowed to use interrogation methods some may consider torture under the following simple guidelines: 1. It is known for a fact the suspect has information needed to prevent a future suspected terrorist attack that has the potential to take more than a few civilian lives. They know the location of a planned bombing. They know the location of a terror leader. They know plans or other privileged information that if obtained has a good chance to stop an attack or capture very dangerous people capable and willing to plan an attack. If we're uncertain they have this information then we must stick to standard interrogation methods. 2. The "torture" can have no lasting major ill effects. Water boarding, while shitty, poses no threat to a person's life and their life returns to normal once it's over. The same goes with sleep deprivation, using superstition religion (rubbing a person in pig blood), and other forms of minor mental or physical fuckery. Rape, extreme humiliation, or body mutilation (no ripping off a persons finger) things would continue to be banned. The suspect should require minimum to no medical intervention after the "torture" is complete. 3. It can only be used to gather information on a future crime, but not coerce a confession of a past crime. Gaining confessions using torture serves no purpose and I believe that's commonly agreed upon. Information gained during these interrogations can not be used in a court room or legal proceeding. Even though, by proxy, if a suspect gives up detailed information of a planned bombing that proves they were involved in the bombing, that information can't be used in a court. 4. The suspect is not a member of a commonly recognized military and acting in that capacity. I'm speaking of terrorists here. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!