I do not believe that something being "real" gives it any more value then something that is not real, as long as the two are otherwise equal. Another way to say this is: a perfect imitation is equal to its original. I believe this because, to me at least, making choices based on whether or not something is "real" or not skews the decision making process by adding an emphasis on a factor that is inconsequential. By writing off things that are not "real" or "genuine" you are limiting your options and possibly hindering progress. As an example, I do not think that a diamond is any better than cubic zirconia for the purposes of jewelry. Naturally, the price of diamond will be higher because of its industrial applications, and therefore anyone looking for a gemstone should chose cubic zirconia because it has a lower cost. I do not believe that because a diamond is "real" it holds more intrinsic value. This is an imperfect example, because many people would chose diamond precisely because it is more expensive and cubic zirconia is not a perfect imitation of diamond, but this is the most non-polarizing example I can think of. You can use The Matrix as another example. The movie, and seemingly most people who watch it, would agree with the statement: because the Matrix is not real, it is inferior to the real world. If the people of the Matrix were in the Matrix of there own free will, I believe that, given the state of the real world in the movie, it would be better to live in the Matrix than the real world. I would accept the argument that it is impossible to create a perfect imitation of something, but I would counter that point by saying that we should not set what is "real" as our benchmark. We should always make objective comparisons to decide what will help us accomplish our goals. As an example: we should not argue whether or not a synthetic alternative to wood is exactly like wood, we should instead compare wood and synthetic wood to see which is a better material for our purposes. I don't believe that wood as a material is any better than a synthetic alternative because it is "real" or, in this context, "natural." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!