There is a person I know who just launched a new business that is promising to be very successful, and I'm very proud of and impressed by this person's ambition and skills. However, this person was handed opportunities to him on a silver platter. He want to a mix of excellent private and public school and universities. He never had to work a job while at university as his parents provided for him financially. They also sent him backpacking through Europe three summers in a row. While at his expensive university, he made excellent networking connections which he used to start this new business a few years after he graduated. That's all stuff provided to him. He also worked hard himself. In order to make the best of those opportunities provided to him, he had to be motivated, intelligent, clever, charismatic, etc. And he is and was and THAT is why he succeeded. To be clear: HE himself is why he succeeded. But he wouldn't have had an opportunity to succeed at if it wasn't for his family's wealth. He would have had some opportunities, as people from every walk of life have some form of opportunity, but not of the caliber that he received due to his family's wealth. His opportunities and connections were much greater than the average middle or lower class person would have been given, and so his success is much greater. This isn't due to him but to his family's wealth. He'll provide the same great opportunities to his children, and if they succeed due to their own accord, they'll have greater rewards for greater opportunities due to their family's wealth. My view is that this cycle of the wealthy getting wealthier isn't right. What do I mean by "right"? A combination of things: it isn't "good" morally, it isn't fair to members of society, it isn't what is best for society as a whole. What is my solution? I have none. My view isn't proposing a new solution. It's only identifying something and saying that it's a problem. The debate is around whether or not this is a problem worth solving; not whether or not it is a problem that CAN be solved. But I do think this is a problem that needs solving. I think any person from any walk of life should have the opportunity to start a business or invest or get a job all on a level playing field - not on a pre-stacked playing field that is stacked according to the wealth of the people's parents. I get that if I have a child and I have earned much wealth through my own hard work, I want to provide that for my children and give them the best advantages I can. But I also get that if I worked very hard my whole life and still didn't earn much money, that I would still want my child to have every advantage and an even level playing field to start his or her career or business venture in. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!