Hi, I'm new here on Reddit, and I badly need some help in changing this view of mine.Though there is some part of my mind that constantly tells me that this view is silly and shallow, I can't find enough reasons to challenge this view. In the job market today, those majoring in math related fields always get the higher pay than those majoring in the arts. It seems to me, though I may be wrong, that only the most talented writers, artists, actors,etc get a very high pay. Those that are about average can't really get a stable job, whereas average engineers can get a stable job. It just seems to me that society values mathematical intelligence the most. Also, I think that all those technological innovations like cars, internet,etc have impacted society and it's economy the most. So when I see people with good language skills, when compared with people with good mathematical skills, I tend to view the people with good mathematical skills as more intelligent. Since those in math related fields earn on average a higher pay, I conclude that they are more valued by society, and therefore have more worth than those that are not so mathematically inclined. Basically, I need help changing this two views of mine that are interconnected, because those are the roots of a problem that I have. I will be very happy indeed if anyone here can help me in my problems, since you all seem very intelligent. Growing up, my parents and teachers place the utmost importance on academic achievement and I seem to get the message that if you are not smart enough, then you are just not good enough. Smarter people are just better in some absolute sense. So I place my entire self worth on my intelligence and naturally, because of that, I would like to be smarter than average, because it boosts my ego. Although, I'm well aware that I'm not even clots to the smartest people out there,I find this constant comparison with my peers extremely narcissistic. One part of my mind wants to view myself as equal to everyone else, while the other doesn't because it diminishes my own self importance. So, I don't know how to deal with these two very conflicting thoughts of mine. I do hope that you smart guys can help me out on my problem, though I know it is not a view. Otherwise, just comment on my view above. Thanks in advance.:) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!