I'm only 14, and I might be on the verge of giving up running because I thinks my genetics are holding me back, or maybe the competition's genetics are pushing them too far forward. I don't think I'm too bad at running (19:50 for a 5k) but I am noticing some other people my age, who do the same training, that are making it at around late 18- early 19 minutes. Basic statistics about myself: I'm roughly 5'5" and weight 134 pounds. I've been doing cross-country for a while now, and I liked doing it from the start, but lately I've been in a slump. I feel like even though I put in the effort, it's all for naught because the other competitors are pre-destined to have the edge. I was looking at a few (possibly biased) sources that talk about the role of genetics in sports: I found that a lot of them actually say that putting in the extra hard work makes more of a difference in genetics, although some argue that it doesn't make too much of a difference at all, and everything is pre-determined from birth (Kenyan runners for example). I don't mind putting in too much more hard work than everyone else if it means I can compete with them. However, I'm not sure if I can maintain that attitude about the extra training if I see everyone literally run past me, despite my training. I even read that factors like determination and perseverance are genetically based as well. I think I am usually a guy who is determined in things he sets his mind on, but lately... not so much. I hold this view based on anecdotal evidence, such as people I run with getting better faster than other who start at the same time (or even later) and get better faster. I'm not 100 sure if I can hold my view based on the sources, because the topic is highly debated, and the sources are probably unreliable and biased. I hope someone can change my view to keep running and trying my best. Is genetics (I read that some of the sources say 20-80 of overall performance comes from genetics) really such a determining factor when I comes to sports (even at my age level)? Does putting in that extra hard work even make a difference, is it even worth doing?