I drink a lot of diet soda. Like... six to twelve cans per day. I rarely drink any regular soda with calories. In fact, I grew up with diet soda and I tend to prefer the diet soda taste to regular soda. Because of my amount of intake, I've spent a lot of time researching all of the facets of the issue, and I've found that the studies which condemn diet soda andor aspartame are few and far between. This is in direct contrast to all of the literature condemning diet soda and aspartame which is not scholarly. In essence, the studies tend to say it's fine and the blogs tend to say it's not. I put infinitely more faith in scientific rigor. Aspartame is one of the most-studied compounds on the planet, and dozens (hundreds?) of nations have given it the okay. There is likely a correlation between obesity and diet soda drinkers, however I think it's pretty obvious that causality is mixed up, here. I think that 1) people who are obese are more likely to drink diet soda as a "diet," and 2) people tend to order a diet soda along with a bunch of fast food or otherwise unhealthy food. It's about the lifestyle which some live, not the diet soda itself. I'm not interested in lifestyle, just the diet soda itself. Some say that it ruins your teeth, but in the studies I've read they were testing people who already had poor oral hygiene. I think that pretty much gives it away right there. Additionally, I may only be a sample size of one, but I've had a lot of diet soda every day for years now, and I haven't had a cavity since before puberty. Again, it's anecdotal, but it's something. Please give me an argument, not just a link to a study. I've read studies linked with regards to this topic before, and there is almost always some flaw, such as a diet soda drinker who already had poor oral hygiene, the drinker already being obese, or the behavior only being shown in rats. I'd like something that says that otherwise healthy people become unhealthy solely because of diet soda andor aspartame, not the lifestyle which surrounds it. Thanks! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!