To be clear: Im strictly talking about the game itself, I realize that a lot of people were unable to even start the game, so CS obviously wins in that category. Im also aware that this might not be a typical CMV post, but I feel like there is actually no place on Reddit where you can criticise this game without being downvoted into oblivion, no matter how constructive the comment is. First I want to state the obvious, and give the one big reason why most people think the game is better than Sim City: The map size. I think this was very well done by the developers. Second: The traffic seems to flow way better than in Sim City, this is however not because the car AI is smarter or whatever, its mostly because they dont simulate traffic as deep as Sim City. There is no rush hour because of the lack of a daynight cycle, so the cars traveling from home to work and back are spread evenly over the day. An the day and night cycle (or lack of) is my next issue, it creates so much atmosphere and makes me feel like I'm managing an actual city, and not a model of a city. In sim city it was also way more fun to follow people around or wait all day for the next event at the arena. Next is the ability to customize buildings, I know that this is a feature that may still be implemented but I'm not too sure about that. Being able to add garages to a firestation looks much better that having to pop down two of them in close distance. Same goes for schools wind farms and especially parks. And dont even get me started on how I miss being able to place a sign or a flagpole for each service. Lastly I have to say that the significantly worse graphics do bother me. I realize that many people only play city builders for the challenge of organizing everything, but I play them to be able to sit back and just enjoy the scenery. This works wonderful in Sim City, because of of the high level models and textures of the buildings. Cities just looks too mediocre and the buildings dont seem to fit with each other to form a nice city. I assume this is not because its creators arent as talented as the guys at Maxis, but just because there are fewer of them. So there you go, that is my opinion rant about Cities Skylines, its neither better nor worse, it solves some problems and creates others. With all the fans of the game I really hope someone can take his time and try to bash my arguments.