My entire life feels like a facade created to satisfy the desires of those around me. My tastes, my actions, my words, my opinions, and just generally who I am. I stress so hard about how anyone in the world sees me that I simply can't be myself. I can't embrace who I am, because I really have no idea who I am. I've become this projection of a person that I think people would have the least amount of conflict with. Even when I'm alone, now, I'm wearing this shell of a person so that some invisible person watching me can't pass judgement. I sit on my couch and cry for one reason or another, and then I hear footsteps in the house, and I try to dry my tears and choke down what I'm feeling. But lately I think to myself, why should I have to do this? Today I imagined myself just pushing back this crowd of people circling around me, and it felt so great. I didn't care that they were imposing onto me this person that I'm supposed to be. I just cried more and more, and it was this release of everything that had welled up inside of me. Everything that I had had pushed down to be the person I feel like I'm supposed to be just poured. But then reality enclosed around me again and I felt stuck once more, and everything bottled up is corked off once more so the pressure can well up again. My worry about what other people think has created this perimeter that I feel restricted in. It's like my entire life can't go beyond these boundaries, yet I look beyond them and the possibilities just seem so awesome, in the truest sense of the word. I don't know how I can just let go and embrace possibility, instead of living my life according to this formula that I've drawn up based on how I see the rest of the world, and the people in it. If anyone can change my view, I'd literally owe them my life, because right now I'm just wasting it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!