As suggested [here] . I'll start by enumerating the problems with the current system: 1: The elected body of legislators is not a representative sample of the population, looking at the legislature, you'd think the vast majority of the country was white male lawyers that are either Republicans or Democrats. 2: Scope of power does not match scope of accountability, legislators may pass laws that impact people that could not vote for or against them. 3: Job security for elected officials is more dependent on fundraising than on whether the politician is acting in his or her constituents' best interests. This blows the system wide open for large businesses to buy off politicians. 4: The voting system and general layout of government was designed before it was possible to quickly communicate long distances, so it ignores the possibility of citizens directly participating. 5: Mass media cannot be trusted to provide accurate information and analysis to the electorate, therefore the electorate is not currently equipped to ensure a representative democracy is acting in the best interest of it's constituents. So, what would I change? So, next I'll give an idea how elections and legislation might happen (by no means do I think this is a perfect or best option, just a lot better than the current one): President would be elected by nationwide instant runoff voting, or some variant thereof. No electoral college, primaries, or caucuses required. The legislature would be replaced by an advisory, say 500 seats elected from a single pool by some variant of instant runoff voting. For example, Each citizen lists a number of preferred advisors, and for the first seat you take whichever candidate is listed at 1 on the most ballots, and those ballots that listed the candidate 1 are devalued to (number of 1 votes for this candidate - 1500 of the total number of ballots) number of 1 votes for this candidate of a vote, and the candidate that got in is removed from the rest of the ballots. Continue similarly until no candidate has more votes than the total remaining votesremaining number of seats, at which point you eliminate the least preferred candidate and continue. This way you aren't punished for voting for unpopular candidates, and if your first candidate gets in by an overwhelming majority, the proportion of your vote that wasn't needed to elect that candidate instead goes to your second favorite candidate. What is an advisor anyway? Well, these 500 people are responsible for reading potential legislation and analyzing the consequences of it. They'll also select a handful of people to participate in a pre-vote debate for each bill that makes it to a vote. Those 500 people could select anyone to participate in the debate, including people that aren't politicians, or even citizens. The only requirement is that the people debating must have read the bill under debate. (The debate serves to educate the electorate enough to make an informed decision about whether or not the bill is in their best interest.) Who votes on a bill? Every citizen that wants to, via the internet. How could this ever be secure? When registering to vote, each voter would receive a USB keychain that contains a highly vetted bootable OS (likely some linux variant, for compatibility and security), a private encryption key, and a fingerprint scanner. If the keychain is lost, the corresponding public key is deauthorized and the citizen is issued a new key pair and keychain. It would likely cost a few billion dollars to set everything up securely. One necessary tradeoff would be transparency, everyone (except maybe your employers) should be able to see every vote and who cast it, so voter fraud would be immediately detectable (everyone can tally the public record of a vote, every citizen can check the public record to see that it matches the vote actually made, and everyone can check whether dead or nonexistent people are voting.) At worst, this system would still be more secure than the crap we've been using. What about people without access to the internet? There is free internet access in many places, and no shortage of special interest groups willing to help people vote. When you look at voter turnout rates right now, it's hard to argue internet based voting would be less accessible. Who writes bills, and who decides whether a bill makes it to a vote? Anyone can write a bill, and deciding which make it to a vote would be based on a petitionrevision system. with commentary by citizens and advisors. Who moderates the discussion during the petitionrevision process? Self censorship only. You may squelch people, use filtering, and decide what to type, but other than that you'll just have to put up with people with different opinions, even if you think they're rude or inappropriate. There may need to be some rate limiting to limit spam. These discussions would require the same identifications as voting. How is it decided which bills make it to a vote? Depends on how quickly a bill can be read and debated. Likely whenever a bill is either passed or killed by a final vote, whichever bill has the most petition signatures is added to the queue. Each bill that makes it onto the schedule would first be read by the advisory, debated publicly for at least an hour (there needs to be the opportunity to extend discussion), given an opportunity for revision, debated for another 1 hour (to explore whether the revisions are good), and finally put to a vote. The vote for each bill would be open for one week, giving everyone interested time to watch the debates and cast their vote. Budgets may be an exception, in that they'd be submitted by the president or advisory without going through the petition process, though they'd still be subject to approval, and possibly line item veto. Local governments would take over the responsibility of providing geographic representation of it's citizens to the state and federal governments, and would need to be granted the power necessary to do so, perhaps by gaining the power to stop work done by federal or state employees or contractors within it's jurisdiction. tl;dr: There are problems with how the US government works, and we can do better with direct participation.