Right off the bat, let me reformulate my title in a more nuanced way. While I'm not an opponent of same-sex marriage (SSM), I feel the arguments employed in its favor have been somewhat disingenuous. I don't feel parallels drawn to the civil rights movement stand up under close scrutiny. If there is any merit to the claim that SSM is about equal rights, and I don't rule that out, then I think there is, when you follow the logic, a tacit admission that the "slippery slope" argument of SSM opponents has a point. Perhaps phrasing things in terms of "equal rights" is necessary for enacting political change, but I don't think this stands up as a reason for allowing same-sex couples to marry in the first place. Let me outline what I think are the problems with the "equal rights" formulation, and then explain what I think is the real issue regarding SSM. For my purposes here I conflate "SSM advocates" with "SSM advocates who say their fight is about marriage equality." (how many of the first group are not in the second group anyway?) The equal rights formulation is usually put in the form: why don't homosexual couples have the same right to get married as heterosexual couples? The first problem with this formulation is that couples don't have rights, individuals have rights. What is the individual right at stake here? SSM advocates say it's the right to marry the person you love, or it's a more nebulous right to marry whoever you want. Both of these versions of rights are enjoyed by heterosexuals by default given their preferences, while homosexuals are denied these rights given theirs. Call these the RML and RMC (shorthand for "right to marry who you Love" and "right to marry who you Choose. The idea of a RMC or a RMC is on shaky grounding. Historically there's been a plainer "right to marry" which hasn't been been widely articulated in these more refined forms. In particular a RML is a modern idealistic version of marriage. This undermines the argument of SSM advocates that marriage pre-dates Christianity, in particular, and religions more generally; yes it does, but that historical version of marriage is not the RML or RMC versions they invoke when they call for equality. To some extent it's an argument formulated just to refute religion-based criticisms of SSM, but it still illustrates that SSM advocates are hinging their case on an alleged right that has only been articulated in modern times and is not enshrined in law, in order to turn it around and say homosexuals are being denied this right. One might fairly ask what is the rational basis for opposing a RML or RMC. I don't think there is a good reason for opposing these, but this does not constitute sufficient reason to favor them. In fact I'd say asserting these rights without a meaningful grounding is rather reckless. Besides inviting uncomfortable questions like "why should my love for my dog not be recognized by RML?," there are a multitude of other hypothetical rights one similarly cannot rationally oppose. For instance: "What's wrong with a right to marry the person I wish to have as my roommate? We don't love each other or anything. But we like living together, and we ask that the state recognize our relationship, while not a romantic relationship, as a marriage, no better or worse than the marriages of others. The tax benefits are a plus, but that's just icing on the cake. Anyway, it's not up to me to say why I want this right, it's on you to explain why I should be denied this right." How do "equal rights" advocates for SSM dispute the existence of a right to marry your roommate? Ridicule is not an argument. I think this is difficult without slipping, shall we say, into arguments that sound like those of SSM opponents. And this claimed "right," in either the RML or RMC form, is muddied by its inherent caveats, such as restrictions on marrying one's sibling. (Before you jump in and say incest is illegal for genetic reasons, marriage need not imply the creation of children. As an aside, I think "marriage equality" advocates, the first to dismiss a procreative rationale for marriage, have not honestly engaged the question of why non-procreative incestuous marriage should not be permitted). Is it ok to assert a right that is riddled with exemptions? There are other examples of rights we draft caveats to, such as the second amendment and the right to vote. But these other examples are rights that do have a well-respected legal basis. Their caveats are dressings to accommodate them to practice and to our day and age. SSM advocates, however, bring to the steps of government a request for a new right, a RML or a RMC, and then under further questioning it's revealed that is the request is more accurately characterized as "the right to marry the human being you wish, who is older than an arbitrarily set consenting age, who is at a required genetic distance from oneself, provided both you and your partner are not currently married." Why is that right superior to, or more natural than, the status quo "the right to marry the human being you wish of the opposite gender, who is older than an arbitrarily set consenting age, who is at a required genetic distance from oneself, provided both you and your partner are not currently married"? To put it in more concrete terms, how exactly do you respond to SSM opponents who say "You already have equal rights. Everyone has the equal right to marry someone of the opposite gender"? At some level they have a point there. From where are "marriage equality" advocates drawing a different kind of equal right? What is the logical distinction between the right asserted by SSM advocates and a proposed "right to marry whoever you like to have as a roommate"? Perhaps I've already made it clear what I think the push for same-sex marriage is actually about. It's about expanding the definition of marriage to loosen one of several of its existing restrictions. Inconveniently for advocates, this formulation is not particularly inspiring and it aligns with popular arguments against same-sex marriage. But expanding a definition need not be an intrinsically disqualifying, as many opponents blithely suggest. Why loosen the gender restriction on marriage and not the species, age, familial, or monogamous restrictions? Because there is heavy demand to loosen the gender restriction and little demand to loosen those other restrictions. That's it. Why not allow people to marry their roommate? This gets tricky even for me. On the one hand, if there was a lot of demand for such a privilege, we should allow it. If there's just a little demand, however, it gets classified as something society is not comfortable with, yet. The arguments against it do sound a lot like arguments against SSM (which is not a necessarily a problem, because it's not a matter of rights). Perhaps we treat marriage as too sacred a thing to sully with non-romantic meanings, for no good reason than that we do. I suspect there's a deep well of political philosophy here I'm not qualified to jump into, involving the complicated relationship between social norms and the way we interpret law. I'll just leave this as a gaping logical hole in a position essay that is too long as it is. My argument for SSM goes like this: there is a lot of sincere demand to expand the definition of marriage in this particular way. It would normalize the romantic relationships of a significant portion of our populace and provide benefits to those who were effectively cut off from them previously. Plus, there is essentially no cost to expanding the definition (one could quibble about lost tax revenue) and little in the way of non-religious reasons for not expanding the definition. So why not? If we have the political power we can and should push for the kind of society we wish to have. That's what's at stake, and nothing more. We shouldn't delude ourselves with fantasies about the nature of the fight. Perhaps this thought experiment is useful: On Earth2 is the country USA2, which is identical to us in every way except for two things. One, there are very few homosexuals, maybe 0.00001 of the population are homosexuals. Two, 10 of the population of USA2 have a sincere romantic attachment to animals. Not outright bestiality, but just people who find deeply fulfilling relationships with their pet that crowds out any desire to have a relationship with another human being. In USA2 there is very little demand for SSM. Homosexuality is still considered deviant and the idea of two dudes marrying still seems absurd in the popular culture. But at the same time there is lots of demand from sincere people who wish to have their relationship with their animal recognized as the equivalent of human marriage. In USA2 the idea of animal marriage (AM) has been made more and more acceptable by an extended political campaign and prominent celebrities who are deeply attached to animals. The arguments in favor of AM have also invoked a "right to marry who you love," a phrase that still carries the unstated assumption that, in the case of humans, obviously we you marry the opposite gender, in the same way our notion of "the right to marry who you love" carries the unstated assumption that this excludes animals. In both USA and USA2, the two political campaigns for the two new types of marriage both claim they're fighting for equal rights, in apparent ignorance of the possibility of the kind of right conceived in the other USA. If SSM is about equal rights, what precisely is the fallacy in the "equal rights" claimed by the AM campaign in USA2? My answer is both claims to "equal rights" are fallacious, in both cases there is demand to change the definition of marriage, and that's nothing to be ashamed of. I'll state upfront, if my position here is vulnerable, it's probably because of a convoluted notion of what civil rights are or should be, as I don't have any real formal experience in these questions. But I'm eager to hear where I've stepped wrong, as the political debate on SSM has not, for obvious reasons, catered to my perhaps unusual interpretation of the issue.