Needless to say, my view is probably shared by many. There are countless movies, books, essays and studies on the matter. It is also clear that the world population awareness on this subject has been increasing, exponentially, in the last decades. I believe that our efforts to save the planet wereare not enough. Much has been done in this area, with different success levels, and the technology today allow for a less contaminating industry, however, as a species, I think it is not enough and I think the planet is doomed. Too late, too few. I do not want to enter into politics but I blame all this on our hyper-consumerist worldwide society, ruled by world capitalism... And we all know how capitalism works and how our society is built today assuming that resources are infinite, but they are not. I have been asking myself some metaphorical questions: If the Earth could "speak" what it will say to us? I imagine it will be something along the lines "You are killing me.," "I wish you disappear." or "Get out!." As you can see, I am a skeptic on this subject, and therefore I am writing this CMV because I would like to read other people position on this matter. Are we good for our planet? Can Earth benefit from humanity? Can we still save it or it is too late? EDIT: When I refer to Earth and the planet I am not relating to the rock itself and whenever it will explode or disappear by our action; I was not clear, this is not my view. I am relating to the planet as the biosphere, with its fauna and flora, its biodiversity. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!