The second amendment may have made sense during a time when flintlock firearms were still a fringe phenomenon and a the bearer of a bladed weapon always carried status (in the old world). when governmental sovereignty was not guaranteed. Threat of being attacked by forces unknown wild Indians," a subverted military force (e.g., overthrown government), wild animals, the Crown's soldiers or mere colonialists with different interests or origin made such a piece of legislation all the more prudent under the circumstances. I get that. I am also aware that the USA is now stuck with this state of affairs more or less indefinitely. Any straight-forward efforts to "take away" this right will run afoul of people's [reactance] ( (psychology) and [status quo bias] . (Australia circumvented this by counteracting gun owners' [loss aversion] with monetary compensation for each assault rifle taken out of circulation (somehow avoiding the [endowment effect] , but the US have a way bigger "proud ownership" [bandwagon] and any similar efforts are likely to become [hugely controversial] .) This is also not taking into account the (in my opinion perfectly valid) position that any ban will only widen the gap between legislation and daily life, if the war on drugs is any indicator. However, I still think that guns in the hands of average citizens are a bad idea. I have grown up in a country with laws that disallow possession of firearms with very few exceptions (hunting permits, marksmanship licenses or collectors). Since this has been the status quo for hundreds of years (to my knowledge), there also isn't any black-market circulation of guns. When three or four times a year a shooting incident occurs it gets wide media attention. Usually the perpetrator is (related to) someone who has a hunting permit or marksmanship license. Personally, I have never seen a gun drawn in public, much less discharged. When a member of law enforcement ever uses a firearm in self-defense it is always a huge deal. Suicide by cop] " is unheard of. I feel like I live in a genuinely more peaceful society due to this state of affairs. I (somewhat) trust my governmental system with its federal [monopoly on violence] . The people's political views are represented in a coalition government through a [proportional electoral system] . Under these circumstances, I am fine with my fellow citizens' reduced ability to "make a stand" and "oust" a corrupt government since in a functional democracy there are better ways to bring about "change." To show that this is not a "bogus CMV for the sake of flaunting my world view": Personally, firearms always held a certain fascination for me. I have also served in my country's military and found delight in marksmanship. For this reason I also own a CO2 pistol (which is legal) and an air rifle. I would also obtain a "real" firearm if I could do so legally. I just wouldn't be comfortable with the average misanthropic and bad-tempered sociopath having that same access. I also don't think that a "per capita homicide rate" that is more than 5 times lower than that of the US (even though our population density is 7 times higher) is something I would want to jeopardize by legalizing firearms. TL;DR: Basically, if I could magically take away everyone's guns, I would. CMV EDIT: It has been an interesting discussion so far, I am off to bed and will be back in about 9 hours or so EDIT 2: I'm back EDIT 3: This discussion seems to be winding down. I draw the following conclusions The best argument that could be made was about how an armed populace is able to stand their ground even in case of dysfunctional or hostile government. In an anarchic environment I too wouldn't want to lack access to firearms for pragmatic and legitimate "self-defense" reasons. This point however doesn't respect my premise that I regard the political system in my home country as mature, stable and not significantly corrupt. My views are less compatible with a libertarian worldview than I thought. I myself appear to be more of a social democrat (following the Scandinavian example). I have gained an increased understanding about the mindset that is behind gun-ownership in the US. I can't plausibly transfer this insight to a European setting, try as I might. There seems to be a stalemate between worldviews and societal backgrounds here.