Most parents of bullies do not work to prevent their child's terrible behavior. Most schools do not monitor the children in their care adequately to ensure bullying does not occur. Children that are bullied too often are at the highest risk of a psychological breakdown that could involve mass violence and death. To prevent the worst case scenario, all parties that are responsible for the welfare of children must be incentivised to action not in distant theoretical consequences but in present day tangible consequences. Money is ideal. If a school were to bill parents whenever a child acts up and hits another student (or other terrible behavior) then the staff would do a better job in monitoring that behavior. Much like police handing out traffic tickets, it wouldn't get all cases handled but it would help limit the worst offenders. If parents of a bully or purported bully are handed bills whenever their child acts up, you can be certain the child will face repercussions in the home. A child that is just too resistant to such repercussions would eventually be removed by their own parents from the school system and get homeschooled, leaving the remainder of the student body minus one less violent outlier. If a child is accused but can present a credible case that there has been a mistaken accusation, then it can be noted on the record but remain unbilled. Then it would just hang over the head of their parents that if the child was found guilty of a future bullying incident, then they would be billed for the past incident as well. Conversely, a child that is the target of bullying should be given a credit towards the cost of their education. In at least the case of institutions where parents pay part or all of the cost of the child's education, this could go towards their lunches, books, and tuition. Alternatively, it could be awarded as part of a scholarship program as a "hardship" scholarship to offset the cost of future education. Likely public schools would only provide such a scholarship to be used towards public universities in the same jurisdiction or State, but the award should be there regardless. This way parents and teachers of bullied children can show their child that not only will things get better in the future, but that justice in the present can have future benefits. Not all of the money collected should go towards the bullied. To incentivise teachers and other school staff the remaining funds should be held in reserve for bonus payments for the existing staff. This is just an academic theory I've been toying with. Tell me ways this policy could be abused and how to limit that abuse. Or tell me ways this policy could discriminate and how to limit it. Or just tell me why it won't work at all regardless. In other words: Change my view.