First of all, I want to say that there is room in this discussion for personal preference. Obviously music enjoyment is not some scientific enterprise. There is music that I don't enjoy listening to, but understand how others could or see quality that I can appreciate. Likewise, everyone has those guilty pleasure artistssongs where we know they're bad, but love them anyway. In either case, there is something about the music that we find good, whether an infectious melody or well-constructed lyrics or a wailing solo. Which returns me to trap. I find nothing about it aesthetically or musically appealing. I can't relegate it to "I'm not into it, but can see why others do" because I can't see why others like it, which is why I turn to you, Reddit. My objections are as follows: (1) Minimalism works against it. Minimalism in music is not always bad. I listen to other Electrohouse or DnB artists who use it to great effect. It creates a great tension-and-release element to a song and when used well is orgasmic. This tension is a staple in the Trap "sound," replacing the forceful Dubstep drop for a super low drone with a high minimalistic melody (generally speaking). On an subjective level, this is musical blue balls, but I think I can make a case for this on a more objective level. The reason the EDM staple of build-drop works is because of the tension-release cycle. It's like those amusement park rides that take you up 300 feet and then, well, drop you. The exhilaration and force of the drop is sharpened by the slow buildup. Trap, on the other hand, employs an almost identical build, and then the contrasted lack of sound at the drop serves as a different kind of experience. Imagine if instead of dropping the full 300 feet, the ride drops you 50 feet. You dont expect the stop and theres this juxtaposition of released tension and even more anticipation. Trap as a genre embraces this latter example as its core, never rleasing the tension fully. As a result, instead of effectively building a proper tension-release cycle, Trap leaves the listener unfulfilled. Possible rebuttal to (1): The amusement park model doesn't work for Trap. In that case, what is a better model with which to consider Trap? (2) Absence of complexity. I'm not looking for Mozart the DJ. Just something that gives the illusion of compositional knowhow. 1-3 note melodies are firstly boring and secondly a sign that the producer has no musical talent. I would like skill in my music. Trap as a genre feeds the instrumental-fetishist argument that electrobic music takes no skill because they don't play a "real instrument." EDM can do so much more, and I've heard it do so much more. Just never in this genre. Possible rebuttal to (2): (a) You're just being a snob and using it as an excuse for your subjective dislike. Possibly, but I don't think so. Even if the bar were set really low (like One Direction low) maybe the best choruses of Trap (that are distinctly Trap, not simply elements of other EDM genres which automatically set the majority of trap above 1D) could surpass them in terms of quality. Maybe. (b) Other genres have plenty of unremarkable musical complexity. Agreed; however no genre (aside from Ambient Drone) makes melodic simplicity a defining feature of the genre itself. (c) Simplicity is not always bad. Agreed. Some composers use simplicity very well and for a variety of aesthetic effects. My argument is that Trap does not. It's likely that I won't enjoy Trap music after this thread, but I do want to understand those that do like it, and if they like it, whether they actually think it constitutes quality music. Thank you. Edit1: Formatting Edit2: This is not "CMV: We can make objective judgments about aesthetic matters." My view includes as a presupposition that there is an objective (but limited) element to the appreciation of music. Edit3: I am referring to "Second Wave" characterized by heavy electronic music influences, rather than the original Trap which was a Hip-Hop offshoot. Edit4: Examples incoming Example 1: This is a fairly standard (in my mind) example of Trap elements. 808 steady drone with high-hats composing the background for a melody of, lets face it, one note with some ornaments. Example 2: Remix also including elements mentioned above. Better than most, but only just. Example 3: Changing up the formula a little with this one. The downtempo nature brings something different to the table, and its minimalism actually contributes to its overall feel. Definitely not the norm, though. Example 4: 10 songs that could serve as an adequate standard for what I mean by "Trap." Note that my argument is not that all sound the same, but that the similar features are the defining features of Trap, and that those features in themselves constitute poor music.