Every single day there is a new news story about asshole kids committing some violent crime or another. The 13-15 year olds who recorded themselves repeatedly assaulting a mentally handicapped man. The kid in Texas who was drunk and ran the truck into people on the roadside killing many of them. (The Affluenza kid). The 13-16 year olds that drove an autistic kid up bridge girders and threw rocks until they knocked him off and paralyzed him. The teenage bastards that play the Knockout Game. The 15 and 17 year old animals who lured an 12 year old girl to steal her bike, then sexually assaulted her, strangled her to death, and dumped her body in a neighbor's trash can. On and on and on. And every one of them gets (or will get) reduced slap on the wrist type sentences, if that. It's time to end this madness. Reddit is always Gung-ho to say that teens are smarter than given credit for. That age of consent laws should be lowered because kids know what they're doing. Well if that's the case, then these little monsters also know what they are doing and need to be held accountable for the crimes they commit. It's time that they be charged as adults for violent crimes. Murder. Assault. Rape. Vehicular Homicide. Gang Violence. Armed Robbery. Hate Crimes. Whatever fits the bill. It's time the sentences reflect the crime as well. If a 15 year old kills somebody and the adult sentence would be 20 years, then the sentence should be 3 years in juvenile detention until they turn 18, then transferred to prison for the last 17. I don't care one bit about their background. Their upbringing. Their mommy issues or daddy not being around. I don't care one bit about their racial struggles, their economic problems, or their peer pressure. None of that matters a bit compared to the crimes that they have inflicted upon another. If they are that broken by the struggles of life and growing up, then they are too broken to be out among society. I don't care about their mental health. If they are legally retarded (or their lawyer is claiming they are to get them off) then they are violent, out of control, and not mentally competent to be out among the citizenry. They can stay locked up where they are guaranteed to get and take their medications and not hurt anybody else. I don't care about the financial aspect on tax payers either. I do not mind one little bit if my tax dollars are used to effectively keep murdering savages locked up behind bars where they can only hurt, rape, and kill each other. Some of you may say, "What about the bullied kid who finally has enough and shoots his bully?" To that, I say that he can attempt a legal defense of Self Defense if he wants to but he still needs to be tried as an adult. There are a bazillion other kids who grew up bullied without resorting to murder to get through it. I chose 10 years old because it's an arbitrary pre-teen age to go by. To be perfectly honest, I'd be just as happy to see 8 and over tried as adults. You can't honestly tell me that even an 8 year old doesn't know that killing a person is wrong, so I guarantee you that a 10 year old knows. So does this sound cold? Heartless? Good. I make no apologies for it. I feel that it is the bleeding heart molly coddling, everybody-gets-a-trophy approach to child rearing and lack of discipline of children that is to blame for the wave of out of control, mean spirited, entitled, viciously uncaring children. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!