Of course it's impossible to make such generalizations about every case all the time with something as messy as human relations - but I'm talking most cases here. First I'll define what is referred to as the 'friendzone.' Broadly I define this as a situation where a man has romantic or sexual desires for a women he socializes with, but those desires are not reciprocated. This creates a situation where the relationship remains on a platonic friendship level, despite the man's desires. I'll divide those into two broad categories. 1) A situation where the women gives indications that at some point in the future the relationship can be taken to a more romantic level. In return the women receives attention, emotional support, or material goods from the man, despite no intention of follow through. In other words 'leading on' the man. Of course this happens, and it can be emotionally painful. But ultimately the man has control of his own actions. Once he realizes that it's happening he can choose to limit or eliminate contact. There are jerks in every category of population, women included. It is part of having effective social skills to deal with these jerks in a mature way. Blaming all women for their actions is immature and a inaccurate generalization. 2) The other type of 'friendzone' situation, is where a man and women are friends and the man has romantic desires and the women doesn't, and she gives no indication to him that she will ever reciprocate this desire. I believe this is the vast majority of cases, even some that men will write off as 'leading on.' Think about it - it's almost as hard to reject someone as it is to be rejected. We are socialized to avoid direct confrontation where ever possible. Therefore, outside of some confession of love from the man in this kind of situation, the woman doesn't want to create a scene by using strong language - 'I don't like you like that' - out of the blue because if she does she is the asshole. In fact I think men who complain about the friendzone are particularly effective in avoiding any situation which will lead to an outright rejection because it's emotionally painful. I shouldn't have to say it but a women doesn't owe a guy to sleep with him just because he is nice or offers her friendship or emotional support. For straight men, imagine a situation where you are friends with a gay guy. He is a nice guy, and offers you emotional support. You enjoy having fun with him. But you aren't attracted to him. Sometimes you suspect he might be attracted to you, and sometimes he is flirty. But he never comes out and says it. Suddenly confronting him and saying 'Look, I'm not attracted to you like that' in the middle of a social situation would be extremely uncomfortable. Besides you shouldn't have to, you've made it pretty clear you're not attracted to him and never gave him any indication otherwise. Bottom line, rejection and emotional pain is part of dating. Dealing with this pain is part of having effective social skills. Women don't owe guys to sleep with them simply because they are nice. I think that men who complain about the 'friendzone' or that 'girls don't like nice guys' are unfairly blaming women for their own poor social skills. CMV