To summarize before I begin, I believe the arguments applied by first world inhabitants arguing against high income disparity (i.e. the 1, etc.) can be applied to advocating that their tax dollars be siphoned to aiding third world countries, where the average income is far lower. Supporting redistributive measures in the states seems unjustifiable to me without supporting redistributive measures internationally. I'm not making any claims about the validity of either redistributive claim, nationally or internationally, merely stating that I believe that one can't hold without the other. Take this as a TLDR. I'll go into more detail in the following. Consider that the average personal disposable income in China, normalized for purchasing power parity, is around 3000 USD. The same figure in the states is 23000 USD [ (source) ] . Just for the sake of an upper threshold, since the "1 person" phrase is so popular, we'll go with that figure as a benchmark, which [is around 370000 USD in the states] . This translates into 16 times higher than the average personal disposable income, assuming the entirety of the 370000 is disposable (a good enough estimate). Using this same scale, anyone who has 48000 or more in disposable income makes 16 times more than the average Chinese citizen. [This is around half the nation as of 2009] . So now that the numbers are out of the way, a couple of points. First, the arguments that we are all Americans (or whatever nationality), and therefore are not responsible for the wellbeing of the Chinese I don't believe hold. You can draw classes or groups among people wherever you want to and create categories. Rich people could be one category - the one percent, in fact, could be such a category. Chinese and American are such categories. There is also the geographic argument, but again, rich people tend to be segregated from the poor geographically, at least from what I know about the states. Second, I believe the dependence argument, saying that the one percent, or whatever rich percentage, works no harder than the rest of the country yet reaps the benefits of those he steps on, is also mirror in the ChinaAmerica comparison. Our consumer economy depends on cheap labor from China, and those of us making a the aforementioned 48k a year definitely enjoy a higher quality of life because of those folks in China. Further, I argue that they work just as hard, or perhaps even harder, than a lot of us in that income bracket. I'd like to think that I've given this topic quite a bit of thought - a bit of personal background - I used to strongly believe in a higher minimum wage, but then ran into this moral dilemma. If we were to look on the international level - we are all humans on the world scale, after all - and create a poverty level based off of PPI and the same percentile the minimum wage level is in the states currently, a vast majority of those even under the minimum wage level would in fact be paying out, and not receiving aid [ (source) ] . Why should those of us without as much claim that the incredibly rich should have to redistribute their wealth when we would consider it absurd to redistribute our wealth internationally (I'm sure this is a view that some have, but it isn't common from what I've observed). To finish - I'd like to just reiterate one of my first points. My view isn't that we should be redistributing international or nationally. It's simply that both views ought to be taken together - either both true or both false. The validity of either is a topic for another day.