I've unfortunately seen all of the Twilight movies in the theaters as my wife is obsessed with them. I also just saw 50 Shades of Grey last night as my wife read all those books and I was hoping to get lucky (Spoiler Alert: I did). I am very open when it comes to watching movies and generally find I can enjoy a movie, even if it's of a genre I don't care for, so long as it's well made to an extent. All of the Twilight movies are complete and utter crap in my opinion. Bad acting, bad cinematography, bad stories, bad music (mostly), and just shamelessly pandering to teenaged girls. Obviously I don't need to re-break down everything wrong with them as plenty have done that before, but I thought I'd just let you know where I stand. As for 50 Shades of Grey, while the story was nothing to write home about and with some thought it was easy to see the resemblance to Twilight's story, I thought the acting was fair (nothing amazing but sufficient for the story), the music was well-done and thematically relevant, and the cinematography was actually quite good (though I'm certainly no expert). Honestly, I didn't mind watching the film that much (the nudity and steamy sex didn't hurt of course) and found it so much better than Twilight in just about every way. It certainly isn't a film I would list as something I'm fond of or even really thought was anything amazing, but compared to Twilight it was flipping Schindler's List. I get that people want to make fun of it given its origins (haven't read the books so I cannot offer an opinion on those) in Twilight fan fiction. I also get that it's catchy and funny to say that it's so bad that it makes Twilight look good, but I believe that these views are definitely wrong and this film is far superior to Twilight. If anything, I think it speaks to how shitty Twilight was that a movie based on a veiled fan fiction version of the book is better in every regard. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!