Hello Reddit, First of all let me start with my story. I was raised Catholic, or should I say brainwashed catholic. I did the whole thing right up to conformation. I strongly believed in the teaching in the bible until I was about 12 years old. Up to that point in my life I had simply taken the adults in my life at their word, and had faith in God. This brings me to the real start of me leaving religion, and fairytales behind. Around the time I was 12 several scientist, most notably Stephen Hawking's, said there is no God. Now of course because I had been brainwashed into believing all this non-sense, I of course thought they were the crazy ones. Because let's face it one of the things religion ask you to do is to not think. However, I did eventually start to think, as I had always had a deep fascination with science. Little by little my faith, brainwashing, and conditioning was washed away by simply thinking critically. Now throughout this journey I actually read the Old and New Testaments almost in their entirety, which actually does more to discredit religion then support it. Anyways, by the time I had all but given up on the Church, I was still holding onto the last shred of faith. Why you ask? Because of the fear, will I go to hell if I'm wrong? Will my family hate me? Will I lose friends? Am I going to be alone? So this carried my up to about the age of 16. At this point I started listen to Atheist such as Bill Maher, Richard Dawkins, Bill Nye, and countless others who made it seem okay to be smart enough to think for yourself and not rely on what a book has to say. So after that I decided that it was okay for me to say I didn't know, essentially becoming an agnostic. However after a year or so I realized that, that wasn't really even a proper stance supported by the evidence. Part of being intelligent, and what makes us human is the ability to think critically, and reach conclusions based on the evidence presented. As it currently stands there is zero evidence to support the notion of anything supernatural, including a deity. Once I realized that I was truly able to come to terms with the fact that there is in fact no God, no supreme being, no ghost, just like there are no fairies, or easter bunnies. Let me be clear this extends past religion, to all things supernatural, including natural healing techniques such as reiki, or similar practices. I am not unhappy, my life does not lack purpose, I have very strong morals, I have many friends I have met at university with similar views, as I still have friends who are part of a religion and my life has more meaning now then it did when I was brainwashed into believing an invisible man in the sky. So Reddit what I am asking you to do, is try and change my view. You can try and shift me in the direction of any religion or other belief system you wish. As a man of science if you can present to me strong evidence that would be able to stand up to peer review I will have no choice to to believe it. Because science is true wether I like it or not. I strongly doubt anybody will be able to change my view as I have already gone through much of the so called evidence for religion (which there really is none of or else I would not be an atheist). However, as I stated before I am open to any real evidence you can bring forth. P.S I do consider Richard Dawkins, Bill Maher, Bill Nye, and Stephen Hawking to be some of my biggest heroes. This does not mean I necessarily agree with them on everything. For example Bill Maher is anti-vaccine, I strongly disagree with him on that point, as I'm sure the other men on this list would. That is what makes Atheism different, it is not a religion, in fact it is anything but. We are all free to think for ourselves and reach our own conclusion based on the evidence presented to us. So while trying to change my view keep in mind that Atheism simple means we think there is nothing supernatural, everything can be explained in the natural world and what we can't explain yet does have it's answer in the natural world. Other then that don't assume we all share the same views on everything. One of my Atheist friends is anti-abortion, while I am pro choice. Just a little hand for you guys so you know how to approach this properly if you truly think you can change me view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!