Reddit likes to say that the Friendzone isn't real, but having watched this friendzone thing become a phenomenon on the internet, I think that those people have mixed up an objective assessment of the friendzone with an emotional reaction to a stereotypical male response to being friendzoned. Reddit believes the Friendzone functions as follows (paraphrased from many comments): A Guy and a Girl are friends The Guy wants to have sex with the Girl The Girl thinks of the Guy as a friend The Girl rejects the Guy The Guy calls her a bitch and ends the friendship On two levels, the Friendzone-deniers fail in their assessment: 1) With the number of posts from women bemoaning the loss of good friends because of similar occurrences, there must obviously be something occurring here, confirming its existence as a phenomenon 2) This muddies up the general understanding of the Friendzone by tying in the unnecessary mental and emotional baggage to the event itself. I believe that opponents of the Friendzone idea are more truthfully opposed to the notion that the behavior on the part of the Guy is justified, and that the "Sorry bro, you got Friendzoned" mindset helps to concretize and validate animosity towards women when said women refuse to provide a man with access to her bodyperson when that man demands it. Well, Bladesire, how does the Friendzone ACTUALLY work, then? Person A and Person B are friends Person A desires a romantic relationship with Person B Person B considers Person A as a friend only Person B rejects Person A But that doesn't really tell us what the Friendzone actually is! The Friendzone as it is experienced is simultaneous existence of the second and third bullet points above in any relationship between two people. What does that mean though? Basically, if someone has a friend that they would never consider for romantic partnership, that's the Friendzone The Friendzone is the mentalemotional sequestering of any individual to a state where the relationship will never evolve beyond platonic friendship Anything else? Oh yeah! If you lose a friend because you Friendzoned them, deal with it. I don't believe the Friendzone is about sex, and as such, it can be very painful for a Friendzoned person to maintain contact with the person they feel so romantically connected to. Though this is their problem and not yours, you definitely come out on the winning side of the Feels, and if you did care for them, you would wish them well in their attempts to get over you and not worry so much about your loss (if it's selfish of them to do it, it's selfish of you, too!) In conclusion, I believe that the Friendzone discussion on reddit has been morphed into a discussion about whether or not men have the right to be angry or upset when denied access to women. People decry "The Friendzone isn't real!" as a means to undo the idea that there is any situation in which a man is justified in feeling wronged by the alleged "friendzoner." However, I believe the Friendzone is a very real thing that people (regardless of gender) place others in when they determine no romantic relationship is possible. TL;DR - The Friendzone exists, and the discussion on Reddit has actually changed the conversation such that it is no longer ACTUALLY about the Friendzone but is instead about the fallout in the wake of an occurrence of Friendzoning.