Background: Australian citizen, upcoming elections where we have a two party system that caters to voters based on whether they are leftright wing. As i understand, its very similar to the US. I am libertarian. My understanding of left wing politics is as follows: I have always imagined that those that vote for left wing parties do so because they believe in equality between the classes of people. Greater access to education, healthcare and welfare for low income earners are the most prominent issues in leftist politics. All of this is underwritten by an ideal that society is responsible for maintaining a basic level of human welfare for all people, regardless of how poor they are. This is my problem. As a citizen of a wealthy western society, I feel as though the majority of those classified as "The Poor" in my country already live like kings compared to those in developing countries. As such, I believe that the people that truly champion the leftist cause should be calling for my nations resources to be diverted to the truly downtrodden in the world: the Africas, selected Middle Eastern countries, South East Asia etc. This also touches upon the issue of "fair trade." Yet this NEVER happens. We legislate for a minimum wage for ourselves, but we gobble up Apple trinkets knowing full well that they were made by destitute peoples under conditions conducive to them killing themselves (Foxconn suicides). In the grandest of all hypocrisies, the youth like to use these trinkets to go on Facebook to advertise that they stand for equality for workers. Please tell me im missing something. (im not unreasonable. I can understand that without government programs, there would be many more people in my country in dire straits. this is actually an argument that somewhat hinges upon the primacy of Keynesian economics and intervention, but i will preemptively concede this point to focus more on the ethical side of things). TLDR: The Left of my country say that all people deserve X level of welfare, but prioritise the welfare of our own citizens over those of others. I believe some quantum leaps in logic are afoot here. CMV. EDIT: I am aware there may be some people that make every effort to abide by what i consider proper (read: hard line) socialist policy in my country. I refer to the majority that (lets be honest) probably do not. EDIT1:: Many of you are arguing that there is no reason why my country should not help the needy citizens within our own shores. My problem is, considering the world as a whole, I remain unconvinced that such needy people exist in my country. The issue is one of scale. As ranked at 11 to 8 in GDP per capita in 2012, its is actually really really hard to find an Australian that is so impoverished. They certainly exist: the native population in certain far rural areas live in absolute squalor. You would struggle, however, to name a group that receives more ethnic based support than these people. To the extent that it is common to (condescendingly) believe that they are a lost cause. My point is that an overwhelming portion of the Australian population already lives well above what is considered subsistence level. I observe that we have reached that point where we ought to direct marginal efforts to foreign aid if we are truly concerned with being egalitarian. But instead people of my country are now arguing over funding for next generation fibre opticsatellite internet. A bit hard to make the argument that my people need more help in the face of that. EDIT2: Concerning foreign intervention: If im truly to believe that all human beings are entitled to some basic level of subsistence, I should be responsible for raising up all human beings to that level at a concurrent rate. Doing otherwise inadvertently promotes inequality. I must exhaust all efforts to this end: up to and including pressuring and intervention in another sovereign nation. As I am subject to my government intervening in my own personal affairs occasionally against my will (occasionally not), why should my government not intervene in the affairs of other peoples against their will? In for a penny, in for a pound. I do not believe that the legitimacy of government is constrained by oceans. It is constrained by the fundamental legitimacy of intervention. I feel if the Left is unprepared to make such a commitment (and i understand, this is particularly onerous), then they shouldn't really be advertising that they champion the cause of true equality. It should be made abundantly clear that they instead are for equality amongst our own people and not of others. I feel that to do otherwise is to encourage the disproportionate raising of resources to an end that they do not truly commit to.