Another CMV about the NSA. It's old, I get it. I'm really trying to understand this here, so I'm going to give my views on it and we shall go from there. A. If you are worried about the government spying on you, then your main argument boils down to the fact that it makes you uncomfortable. Out of the millions of people the NSA combs through, what makes you think that they are interested in you? Even if you actually had something to hide or if you had anything illegal, private, or secret you don't want anyone looking at, who could use it against you? Terabytes worth of content still couldn't be used against you without a warrant. I don't care how much you may distrust the government, they absolutely cannot get away with using private, personal data against you. You're not going to disappear and wind up in Guantanamo. So, in this case, it appears that you're just upset with the principals of it. B. If it's the fact that they are invading your personal data or if it is an issue of the principals that bother you, then I ask you to take a step back and look at the big picture. We live in the digital age and as much as we all wish for privacy - that is no longer much of an option these days. Hell, facebook is your own public file about you, your acquaintances, friends, interests, etc. No other generations of humanity ever had to deal with what we are now. There are many, MANY cyber dangers and security issues that we constantly deal. And how old is the internet - 30 years, if that? What are the cyber crimes of the future going to be? Look at what "Anonymous" could do if they were prone to selling state secrets and raiding credit card accounts? I want my government to be able to stop them or stop groups like them that WILL spawn up in the future. That's not to say anything goes here. I'd like to know it is happening (aka transparency) and be ok with it, rather than ok any government spying, with blind faith. That is not what I'm advocating. I think the NSA is necessary, IF the play by the open rules deemed by the people, for the people. C. Snowden released a lot of our government's secrets out to the public. The public includes people, like yourselves, who want to know because you feel it is your right. And the public also includes people who WILL use this information against our government. You've read the articles about super encryption sites that were made in spite of the NSA. Think about how many people, globally, now know how we spy on people. I admit, we shouldn't be imposing on our allied countries, but no one at all? It is actually projected that within 50yrs a nuclear device will be the size of a laptop. How do you propose we avoid those being set off in our cities if there isn't some sort of intrusive surveillance? Keep in mind that while your intentions are noble and just, we don't live in an ideal world. Everyone isn't innocent victims and the government is far from our enemy. Question everything, but to a logical extent. CMV