A little story up here at the top, skip to the next section if you don't care. I just moved. I only moved like a mile or two, but my god was it awful. The worst part wasn't even the furniture, it was that over half of my boxes were filled with nothing but books, DVDsBDs, and games. That shit gets heavy quickly. That's why I'm wavering now, whereas in the past I have been a staunch advocate against digital media. I do own some digital media, but it's mostly digital-only products. eBooks, indie games, etc. Anyway. Here are my concerns. 1. We become caged in. You buy your books from Amazon? Well, that's where you're buying them from now on because my god would it be a hassle to sift through several different sitesapps to find what you want. Granted, I mostly buy stuff from one or two sources anyway, but adaptability to changing winds is important to value as a consumer. That leads into the two next points. 2. What if the media provider goes down? Suddenly, thousands of dollars of stuff is just gone, forever. At that point, for myself as well as for future collectors and historians, the disorganized chaos of piracy becomes the "best" option. If that's the case, why did I bother buying it in the first place? Just money down the pooper. Hellwhat if I'm without internet for a while (like I mostly am now)? I can't do anything either! 3. No provider that I've found is very organized. Even my PSN games are a mess now that the XMB is gone. If I want to search for something I own, I have to search for it, provided I have a keyboard, or flip through hundreds of choices to find what I'm looking for. Kindle is a great example of thisas far as I can tell, there just isn't even a folders option, at least through the android app. I want my manga separated from my novels separated from my textbooks separated from my erotica, and then have it go in alphabetical order. For that matter, the "volume" of manga is a pointless distinction at that pointjust make a "Naruto" button, and let me sift through chapters. Gah. It's so messy. But my bookshelf can handle it, Amazon for whatever reason cannot. And don't even get me started on cross-platform organization. 4. Special Editions. I love them. Digital products don't have them. Merch of that caliber is usually not sold separately new, and eBaying it can be an expensive hassle. For that matter, there is a certain pride you get in having a nice, full set of bookshelves that you just don't get with a digital collection. Thanks for reading!