[loss of palestinian land shown here by clicking this line] Israel have been slowly grabbing land and making people in the military guarded Ghettos as miserable as possible. Harassing and shooting their kids etc all the time. They have been quite successful in demonizing their opponents. Most americans think palestinians have deserved their hell, that they are evil (despire Israel invading their land like cancer since 1948) and then desensitized to whole situation. A good job by Israeli propaganda. Pretty similar situation, like population of US would be forced to retreat to an area size of a Florida. Israel has been continually attacking their neighbours for more land or cause a weakening mayhem upon them; Lebanon, Syria, Iraq soon Iran. Israel have been successful making US (they dominate US media, finance, industrial-military aspects) fight its wars against its opponents, Iraq for example. Despite this, people in US think 911 was totally unfounded terrorist attack without any provocation by Israeli led US. Despite all this, this long going historical feud between Israel and its neighbours seem endless, and population of Israel seem small compared to it adversaries. This ensuring almost perpetual war generating situation in the region. I think we in the west should not support Israels goals, but take control of the situation like a stern and firm father, slap both parties, make them make up and go for two state solution with clearly defined borders and rules to live like a good neighbours do. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!