As genomic editing technology becomes ever more efficient and targeted, it is only a (short) matter of time before it canwill be used to modify humans. Editing adult will probably be beyond the technological barrier for quite some time, but editing embryos will probably be relatively simple. I believe something that my friends found rather unacceptable: I believe that it should not only be acceptable for parents to modify their children, but they are morally obligated to do so. Disease: The easiest case for this is disease. We know scores of genetic variants that make you more susceptible to everything from cancer to diabetes to heart disease. This technology would effectively end familial cancers (such as BRCA12 related breast cancer). If you could cure your child ahead of time from these diseases, I feel you are compelled to as a parent. Think of it like a genetic vaccine. We think it is unimaginable for a person to not get a vaccine (especially if they already don't believe the autismvaccine nonsense), and this would be a genetic comparison. Non-Disease: But I would go farther to even argue that non-disease traits should be altered by parents to give children better outcomes. This may not be a moral imperative as disease is, but I for one would do it every time. If I could make my child smarter, faster, clear skinned, better vision, taller, etc. Why would you not give your child the best of all possible lives? Some caveats: 1. This is assuming affordability, efficacy, and no side effects. 2. I do not consider an embryo a person yet. 3. I don't consider reduction of genetic diversity a real problem. Most disease variants do not cause a significant side-benefit like sickle-cell that modern tech does not already have a much better solution to. Maybe these aren't blessing though? Maybe there are a host of factors I haven't considered? CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!