My argument may come of as pretentious, but I will do my best to present my view in a valid and logical way. "Everyone is entitled to their opinion." It is a phrase all of us have used or heard, most likely within the past few days. It is a phrase built to end arguments, prevent yelling, and provide a middle ground for those who simply can not agree. There are many cases that the phrase can be used for its intended purpose and remain harmless. One such case an argument is based SOLELY on opinion, such as preference to chocolate or vanilla, hot or cold, red or blue. Another case is when an argument has continued through all other types of context and discourse that it has simply boiled down to a difference of opinion, often dealing with some sort of sensory information (feel taste smell etc.). Unfortunately, the use of "everyone is entitled to their opinion" has shifted over time, and is more often than not used in a visceral and spiteful manner. That is when the phrase becomes dangerous. The thought process behind the spiteful and lazy use of that phrase is what allowed cultures (speaking mostly of the US because that is where I am from) to slide away from a collective and productive entity, and into a state of cyclical banter. My evidence of the danger of the phrase and the effect it has had on the culture is as follows: 1. People use the phrase to lazily get out of arguments that are difficult, or are in a field that they are not familiar with. They use the phrase to cover up their ignorance, in order to protect their misconstrued beliefs. They will argue in circles for hours about something they don't know, and justify the entire waste of brainpower as an "opinion difference" in order to move on with their lives without fracturing their beliefs. 2. The idea of being an "expert" on a topic is no longer valid. It is no longer valid because bits and pieces of info are so readily available, individuals will allow themselves to feel they have enough information to form a strong belief without being an expert on the topic. The invaluable amount of time true experts spend in their fields (10,000 hours according to the fantastic book "Outliers" by Malcolm Gladwell) is nullified by the amount of perceived expertise that is part of our current cultural climate. 3. Factual arguments that can be argued down to a relative "truth" within the context of the argument are no longer explored. Opinions are seen as facts that are carelessly spewed from various news (propaganda) organizations. The "Everyone is entitled to their opinion" mindset is the engine that drives the divide in cultural beliefs. No suitable and rational arguments are being made anymore because an OPINION is something that doesn't need to be changed as everyone is entitled to have one. There are many more examples that I will go into if needed. Essentially what I am saying is that the idea behind the phrase, and the misuse of the phrase is an underlying cause of many of the political, cultural, and social issues that continue to exist year after year (with many of them getting worse). The idea that everyone has an entitlement when it comes to opinions that affect beliefs is preposterous and dangerous. As a personal conclusion, many of the points I made in the write-up, and many of the points I will make in the comments are in fact hypocritical. I am not innocent in the claims that I am making, so please help me not be as cynical and free me from my hypocrisy. CMV! PS: If any of my points are not clear enough, or are not expanded enough feel free to ask and I will try to better explain them. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!