This is inspired by the post currently on the front page about watching professional sports, but I see a lot of posts around here with the same spirit. I don't understand why every activity must be thrown into a utilitarian calculus, and I fail to see what the end of these activities is if all of them are subject to this treatment. Consider your day jobs. You do those to sustain yourselves, and (ideally) build up funds to sustain yourselves through times when you aren't doing exactly that (retirement). Your day job is desirable because it enables you to enjoy things that you aren't considering on a utility level. On the other end of this your hobbies (hopefully) hurt nothing, and you have no moral obligation to shy away from them because someone else decides you could be using that time to serve whatever interests they happen to consider more valuable. To suggest otherwise would mean the productive work of life is both the means and the end, that you work to sustain yourself to do more work for some abstract societal benefit. If sports and arts and the like are not "productive" in this strict sense and are considered immoral for it, the enjoyment of life is taken out, and you really are just a cog in a machine whose only end is its self-preservation. I would hate to live in a world in which we are all obligated to work for the benefit of this abstract utilitarian calculus until we die. EDIT: Something I forgot to mention: a lot of the posts that inspired this one also seem to eschew certain activities in favor of others (e.g. Don't watch reality TV, read a book). Is value not subjective? If I enjoy watching college football more than I enjoy reading Dickens, I'm going to watch college football, as it creates more happiness for me. The line of thinking in such posts seems arrogant to me, enforcing on others your idea of happiness or productivity because, of course, you somehow know it better. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!