This isn't an overall TLA vs LOK thread, just focusing on the characters of the Avatars. Please don't make posts about which show you think is better. I think Korra is a better Avatar than Aang. Outside of the silly love triangle, I think she is a more compelling and better written character, as well as possessing better integrity as an Avatar. The main point I wish to make is that Aang was relatively selfish and self-serving, right up until he learns to energybend from the lion turtle. In contrast, Korra embraces her Avatar duties. Aang rejecting his Avatar duties is sympathetic from a character standpoint, but I find it hard to condone it in the grand scheme of things. I'm not going to blame him for letting the Hundred Year War drag on since he had no way of knowing of the upcoming attacks, but he did selfishly run away from his duties. Throughout the first two books (where Korra is at now), he whines about how he never wanted to be the Avatar, how he's afraid of the Avatar State and firebending, and basically not wanting to do the things he is supposed to. Again, sympathetic from a character standpoint but he couldn't change the fact that he was the Avatar yet still tried to run away from it. Even in book 3 after a ton of "character development" (which Korra is not at yet), he tries to put off his inevitable showdown with Ozai. He puts his own personal needs ahead of an efficient solution to bring balance to the world, to the point where even Avatar Yangchen has to tell him to act more selflessly after he ran away nearly a second time. All Korra ever aspires to be is a better Avatar. She is weak spiritually and sometimes grows impatient about it, but she doesn't refuse her duties like Aang did. She wants to master all the elements and learn about the spirits because she embraces her Avatar duties. She wants to serve the world. Aang largely seems to go along with it because everyone tells him to and he can't really say no. To the above, you might say, "Aang is a kid...."but this contrasts with his many moments where I like to call him a "mini Gandhi" where he goes on about the monk's teachings about peace, friendship, whatever. He's grown up quickly because of his new reality, I get that, but those moments where he lectures everyone always seemed pretty forced and difficult to believe after the establishment that Aang desires to be like a normal kid. I think it is quite silly to hate on Korra because she is actually written her age (or kind of, she's above average in maturity for a 16 year old) and not this contradictory mishmash. Some of Korra's other character flaws that are commonly brought up: she's rude, impatient, and prefers to resolve problems by force. To the first point, again consider that she is written her age. She is a rebellious teenager, locked in a controlled compound by the White Lotus her entire life. She has known her entire life she is the Avatar, validated by the White Lotus constantly feeding her tales of the great destinies of the Avatars and isn't afraid to show a little pride. Who wouldn't act that way? Her pride isn't to harm others, she is happy and comfortable with who she is and wants to use it to help people. For the latter two points, Avatar Roku repeatedly states that inaction was his greatest mistake, one that Aang repeats. I prefer Korra's method of facing problems head on instead of running away from them like Aang did. Also, yes, the love triangle with Mako and Asami is dumb...but the fact that Aang, in his selfishness, had the intent of depriving his friends of seeing their father for the first time in two years far outweighs dumb teenage drama. That was downright malicious. A point I'd rather not address: Aang settled the Hundred Year War, but Korra's story isn't anywhere near a conclusion. We don't know whether her decision to leave the portals to the Spirit World open was a wise one. But I don't think it's fair to talk about the end conclusion for one character when none exists for the other character. Sorry if this is too long but tl;dr: Korra is a better Avatar when you take into account that she only has two books of development yet still manages to be more believable and less selfish. I'd also like to hear what the other side thinks, so CMV:) EDIT: I gave uhooj and utuckerfrye deltas. Hooj argued on the basis that you cannot apply an adult moral compass to a child or even compare a 12 to 16 year old, even if they are the Avatar or more mature for their age. Tuckerfrye argued on basis that the Avatar's journey had very different purposes; Aang's was his acceptance of the Avatar role with a clear endgoal, while Korra's is to actually make decisions for the changing world, more akin to an adult Avatar. You can't fault Aang's lack of acceptance of being the Avatar when that is the purpose of his journey. I see the error of my arguments now; even though I still have a preference for Avatar Korra and will defend her in the future, one Avatar is not objectively better than the other. My main error is actually addressed in the final stages of book 2 of LoK where Tenzin tells Korra, "it is not what you are, but who you are that people will remember" (not verbatim) when talking about what made Wan and the other Avatars great. The Avatar is still a person in many different forms, not one singular and overarching personality.