I've been reading explanations of the ruling. Some say Kennedy, writing for the majority, [was sloppy in laying out the logic of the decision] , which I feel implicitly supports my main point. I'm stuck up on something that apparently few others see, not even the dissenting opinions. Maybe that's because it's stupid and easily refuted, but I need it laid out for me: no one explains how equal protection under the law somehow renders unconstitutional the uniformly applied right to marry someone of the opposite gender. Let me try to illustrate with a silly example. Suppose there was a law that gave everyone the right to record and publish a duet version of Over the Rainbow, but only so long as the other person of the duet resides in a different city than you. And say you get some tax break for doing this as a bonus. Some people may wish to record the duet with someone who lives in the same city they do. They may even despise the idea of recording the duet with someone outside their city. Can they claim the fact they can't get the tax break means they're denied equal protection? I don't think so. They basically have the same status as someone who doesn't wish to record the duet at all. For whatever reason, the law says the tax breaks kick in under only the conditions specified. You could say it's arbitrary but it's not unconstitutional because everyone has an equal right under that law whether or not everyone exercises it. As with other rights, some people don't even desire to exercise the right, or would rather the right be expanded. Such as, some people don't want to own guns and some people want to own (illegal) automatic weapons. It doesn't mean there's no equal protection. In the case of same-sex marriage there are extra emotional stakes. But I don't think this is constitutionally relevant. One could say the thing we're equally protecting is the right to marry who you love but as far as I know that's not a rationale for marriage in statute. Plus it leads to uncomfortable slippery slope questions. What am I not seeing? Edit: Apologies for being absent. Some unexpected happenings have kept me away from the computer. I'll try to reply to everyone