Please forgive the flowery language, I've spent a long time refining this view. I honestly want it to be changed, because holding this view is existentially painful. Economics is what dictates that a person from the United States will feel more empathy for an Italian than a Ugandan, a Japanese than a Somalian. For humans, our economic activity is closely related to how we think about each other and how we choose to interact. We view other cultures and societies first through the process of trade, and those who do not have anything we want in the near future are initially ignored. This self-imposed ignorance can be overcome. A person can empathize with any other person if they put in the effort; the frustrating reality is more that we cannot reasonably expend that much effort on simply relating with other people. In fact, it may simply be less effort to change the way we interact economically in a manner that allows us to relate to others as people. Equality is a necessary component of interaction if humans continue to use economics as the basis for social empathy. In that sense, we can suppose that our economics is an important, if not the most important, component of social interaction between large groups of people. Economics shape how we think about and interact with people that we don't identify as part of our inclusive group. People define their inclusive group on different scales for different situations. At home most would consider their family or their cohabitants as constituting their inclusive group. But at work, most people define their inclusive group as their co-workers of approximately the same responsibility and compensation. Economically, we consider our inclusive groups to often be everyone that we can identify as having a similar lifestyle or opportunity. One might consider a person from a different part of their country to be part of their economic inclusive group just because they also use the same kinds of cars, food, shelter and clothing. No matter what setting, a larger amalgamation of people results in us loosening our internal idea of what our inclusive groups are, but never to include the entire group. We segregate our thought into spaces that do not force us to consider divisions within the group we are dealing with at any given time, and flock to those who we feel can understand our own unique position within the larger group. The challenge facing our society then is not to be more honest and fair in our dealings with others, but rather to include others on a species scale as part of the group we identify with. The honesty and fairness follow that process, not precede it. Few people are willing to wrong those that they feel are part of the same group, no matter how temporary or diverse that group is. It is a psychological threshold, and not a logical one. The mere presence of barriers to communication leads us to view the opinions, positions and values of others as being less important than our own. In many ways this is a very functional way of thinking. We must all consider our own values and opinions to be important, and indeed logic would have us believe that we hold the opinions we do because no one has presented a more compelling argument for any other opinion. The focal point is further back than our opinions, it lies within our belief in the worth of other people. Economics represents a situation where it is dysfunctional to continue thinking in this manner. How is it that economics, which we use in part to empathize on a social level, considers our needs to be irrelevant information? This is a recipe for suffering ad nauseum, in that we set our selves up emotionally to seek empathetic truth in our exchange, but find only inhumanity and desolation. A profit-centered incentive theoretically rewards those whom bring our society advancement and new opportunity. In fact, that is nearly the entire motivation for participating in society as we now operate. This leads to a society controlled and paced by those that can understand better than others. It inherently places more value on those who are able to consider an issue from multiple perspectives, whether those are psychological or logistic. This value encourages others to try and better understand so that they may be rewarded by the economy we have. This should lead to a perpetual advancement of knowledge, understanding and technology, whereby those that best understand are those that make decisions. While there are many ways such an economy can go wrong, and in some cases already has, what is most interesting about this approach is that we have fundamentally bought in to a system where people serve our economy, instead of our economy serving people. If one is to put in enough effort, our economy promises reward, but only after penance has been apportioned. The people of our society, no matter the scale of society, have become beholden to a system which at its core is for the purpose of advancing the edge as fast as possible, instead of launching society towards anything. It is not an exaggeration to say that our economy condemns us to subsist, while providing the illusion of progress to sate our emotional turmoil. The emotional impact of such a situation is fierce. Even in the developed world, the inescapable emotional suffering our economy metes out causes us to perpetually seek comfort and meaning in many other places, such as religion. That is not to say that faith is merely a by-product of our economically induced emotional pain, although I understand some may see it that way. Rather, it leads us to expect things of our faith that it is not equipped to provide, because our economic system which should be providing them is failing. We seek emotional reward in belief, whether that is religious, spiritual, political or scientific. But these things are not for the purpose of serving emotion, and all of them are areas of knowledge which are greatly harmed by emotional motivation and decision making. In fact such behavior is so dangerous that many systems of religious and spiritual belief indicate that people must overcome their internal emotional disruption before they can receive the rewards of these fields. Is it any wonder that our world has been plagued by religious violence and intolerance, when the first instruction of many beliefs is to seek emotional serenity that our society is not only failing to provide, but actively working against? Our frustration as a society is expressed in the only way we have direct control over: our interactions with other people. We seek confirmation in those that understand us, and release in those that do not. Such a system is and will always be a counter-productive use of effort and worth. Faced with the inner turmoil and emotional suffering that our society requires, we often see two solutions: to commiserate with those who agree, and to silence those who do not. Such decision making narrows our view of the world, and lessens our understanding, which is the opposite of what our economy is designed to require. The understanding which our economy is designed to reward is curtailed by our emotional selves, which leaves only those that can suppress emotion or have created a healthy outlet as our leaders. That leaves us with either sociopaths, or people that are viewed as being inhumanly "perfect" that are tarnished by the merest suggestion that they might be as damaged and fallible as the rest of us. Is it surprising that we have so many "bad people" making decisions? The combination of our economic and emotional models should be generating that result. They are poorly symbiotic systems, and each functions more as a parasite upon the other. Without a change in one, our society will self-destruct further and further down the path of irrationality. As it is easier to change our economics than our emotional requirements as a society, it follows that what we really need is a close examination and restructuring of our economic exchange so that it builds with our other social systems, instead of working against them. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!