Edit 2: So I have been hearing a bunch about things like no binary genders and how gender is completely different than sex. So I started thinking about what made gender different from sex, and I came to the conclusion from what I read that gender was all about how "masculine" or "feminine" one is. However, I hear so much about people with gender dysphoria who don't want to change sex, and non binary genders. So I'd like to see if I'm missing something, as I generally consider myself a fairly progressive person. I don't want to end up as one of "those old people who won't change their ways" like many people see older people who dislike gay marriage, so I would honestly like some light shed on why gender is necessary. EDIT: PLEASE NOTE THAT I AM TALKING ABOUT GENDER, NOT SEX. First and foremost: I am not saying that "gender" should mean "man or woman," or that trans people aren't real. I am saying that I do not believe there is a reason for gender to exist. Gender is related to masculinity or femininity. As a construct, it does not describe just a person's biological sex, but how they fit into "gender roles" or "gender stereotypes." 1. Many gender stereotypes are culturally created. Many jobs which are deemed "women's jobs" or "men's jobs" are called such because it's ingrained in our culture that they should be. However, in most cases, there is no good reason why these fields should be male- or female-dominated, and I feel that doing so is sexist to both genders, and encourages feelings such as "this person doesn't belong here, they're not a manwoman," where those feelings should not exist. For example, nurses are traditionally a "woman's job," and male nurses are often made fun of for their profession. These gender stereotypes are harmful, and should not exist. 2. Other stereotypes involve what a particular person acts like or likes doing. "Feminine" men are made fun of for speaking a particular way, or enjoying things traditionally associated with women. These men may very well be completely straight men, but many people will assume they are gay, or trans, or something based on only their mannerisms. "Masculine" women are often made fun of for liking things typically associated with men, and may act "non-feminine." These women, who may very well be completely straight women are often derided for possibly being lesbian, or for being "too butch." These gender stereotypes are harmful, and should not exist. 3. Any actual differences between males and females stem from biology. In such cases, gender has no reason to exist, as it's superfluous when we already have biological sex as a descriptor. 4. Having gender as a "spectrum" or having things that are "masculine" or "feminine" leads to more harmful comparisons. When "masculine" is equated with "being a man" (as it is in the gender social construct), it implies that a man who likes more masculine things than another man is "more of a man" than a man who may enjoy fewer masculine things and more feminine things. The same goes for women. Why should someone who is a nurse and likes cooking, crafts, and Pinterest (things typically associated with women) be "more of a woman" than someone who is a professional bodybuilder and likes sports, cars, and MMOs (things typically associated with men)? They shouldn't. Associating interests or professions with "masculinity" or "femininity" opens up shaming for being "less of a man" or "less of a woman." Again, it's toxic, and should not exist. 5. In the ideal case where gender, as a concept, does not exist, the worst possible scenario is that biological sex takes the place of gender, and sex stereotypes remain. In this scenario, there is no difference. However, in the best case scenario, many gender stereotypes lessen or disappear, and people are no longer derided for having interests not associated with their sex. In this scenario, there is a positive change. Because of these scenarios, I believe the existence of the concept of gender has no positive implications. Again, this does not preclude the existence of transsexual people. Sexual dysmorphia exists. People would still be allowed to change their sex to the other. However, ideally there would be no cases of transgender people who do not wish to biologically change sex, because gender as a whole would not exist, and thus there would be no gender dysphoria. People who are transgender currently but do not want to change sex would not feel pressure to do things associated with their sex, and thus there would be no gender roles from which dysphoria would stem. The only difference between men and women would be biological. Anything short of sexual dysmorphia would be meaningless and serve no purpose. Furthermore, before someone inevitably brings up Kleinfelter syndrome, triple X syndrome, etc., I am acknowledging that they exist. I know that intersex exists. For the purposes of filling out paperwork and such, there would be a third option, in the case that someone has both male and female genitalia, or neither, etc. They would not be forced to list as either male or female. I think I've explained everything as much as I could, so have at it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!