Repost for ukepold but others are invited to join if they wish. After the Egyptian revolution of 2011, the Muslim Brotherhood was elected by an overwhelming electoral majority via the Freedom and Justice Party (FJP). During the FJP's abbreviated rule, there were a number of concerns about the concentration of power in the presidency of Mohamed Morsi but little sign of radical Islam, and the FJP followed a generally moderate line. Indeed, Morsi acted as a peacemaker between Israel and Hamas and was among the few leaders who could communicate with both Washington and Gaza. For a short period, it looked like radical Islam would implode as Islamists and secularists worked in partnership and Islamists could air their grievances with ballots rather than bullets. Alas, this brief honeymoon was not to last. In 2013, he was overthrown by the Egyptian military in a brazen televised coup. While Morsi had committed a number of illiberal acts, he was less of a dictator than any other president in Egyptian history and had a significantly better human rights record than either Hosni Mubarak or the military junta that succeeded him. In addition, having the opposition take power after an ouster would be almost unheard of in democracies; it would be as if Bob Dole had been in line for the presidency, not Al Gore, if Clinton's impeachment had led to a conviction. With the ouster of the legitimate government in Egypt, Islamists even moderates believed that they could never enter into agreements with secular stakeholders and turned to a far more violent series of tactics (Daesh, Boko Haram, etc.). At the same time, Egypt has become every bit as repressive as Saudi Arabia or Cuba and almost as repressive as North Korea, and the US' tolerance for the coup means that the US will forever go down as supporting the ouster of Islamists over relatively minor charges. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!