Publications that carelessly use the term "Textbook Science" in scenarios where new research contradicts previously held hypotheses serve to confuse lay people by presenting this process as anything but the scientific method doing its thing. Now, I want to preface this by saying that most scientific publications (like the one linked above) do an exquisite job of qualifying the results, and explaining why they are important, etc. etc. Generally, reading an article like the one above, you don't get the problem I am referring to. The problem is that journalists at newspapers and news organizations in charge of scientific reporting generally take a fair amount of liberty when regurgitating science news. They take the original headline or content and give it a small to medium spin that makes it catchier to the average reader, and in many cases, clickbait. Even worse however, reputable articles are often used as a poisoned citation to make a case against scientific knowledge. Poorly worded articles serve as "evidence" of scientific conspiracies, collusion, and other nefarious made up bullshit. Knowing this, it should be standard practice for reputable publications to not put clickbait titles on their original articles, like the one above. Look at the word usage in this article: "A new finding goes against dogma" or the opening line... "Open any introductory biology textbook and one of the first things you'll learn is that our DNA spells out the instructions for making proteins..." Innocuous within the primary article, these types of lines are a single lazy step away from misleading, sham-journalism misrepresentation. I can practically read the title: "Biologists defy established scientific dogma about role of DNA, textbooks proven wrong" That horrible title would be right there for the picking based on the first 5 seconds of reading this article. Given that most people who need a better understanding of science can't be bothered to read actually scientific articles, it's likely that the headline (or whatever garbage article it sits upon) is the only part that they will ingest. Its unlikely that they would actually go on to read the original article (if it is even posted.) So these people then read the title and go: "typical scientists. Always changing their minds about everything." By making the title and the first line or two rife with clickbait phrasing, they have given ammunition to individuals whose agenda is to sow mistrust in science. If the article had been called: "New research finds amino acids can be assembled without DNA or RNA," it would still have been just as interesting of a headline to the people who are actually reading stuff on phys.org. They could've even put the whole textbook thing somewhere in the article. That way, it's still in there, and any sham journalist would at least have to go digging to find that. While I focused pretty specifically on this one article, I have almost never seen the term used in a way that is championing the process. People in science know that textbooks are bound to the information at the time of their printing (book pun), and so textbooks being upended is nothing to get huffed at. Science is always revising itself. But for people who don't have a good understanding of science, the notion of these sacred textbooks being proven wrong generally resonates negatively with them. A lot of these readers either have their own sacred, infallible books, (religious right agenda) or have an axe to grind against established science (new age-y leftist agenda). Overall, I think the term needs to be used extremely carefully, and when it is used, it should be presented in a positive light, as it is a critical part of the scientific method. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!