I do not see why one person should have the right to choose to end the life of another person. I think you should have access to a clean and safe abortion if the mothers health is jeopardized, but beyond that or rape I do not believe abortions should be freely available. What is the argument in favor of allowing one person this much control over anther's fate? It must be that fetus is not a person who who's rights are worth protecting? A zygote, the single cell resulting from the fusion of two gametes (a sperm cell and an oocyte) is by definition a human being. It has all 7 characteristics of life and is a member of our species Homo sapiens sapiens: 1. Living Things are Composed of Cells 2. Living Things Have Different Levels of Organization: 3. Living Things Use Energy: 4. Living Things Respond To Their Environment: 5. Living Things Grow: 6. Living Things Reproduce: 7. Living Things Adapt To Their Environment: If it is a human why is its right to life trumped by the "right to choose" of another person? When two people consent to copulate, they fully know fertilization is a risk they are willfully taken and I believe consenting to responsibility for the life of any conception. Why does the growing baby have none of the rights all people are suppose to have? EDIT Ok, I want to thank everyone of you that engaged in a productive an meaningful debate. Much of this has been very informative for me, seeing exactly where the other opinion comes from (I do not consider my self pro-life or pro-choice, democrat or republican). I've clarified my position quite a bit in the comments, but just wanted to make it clear exactly what I think should happen relating to the legality of abortion. This is a [25 week old fetus] , born and healthy (not graphic at all, please look for your own information).In fact [a baby born at 24 weeks has a 50 chance of survival. ] I think abortion should be banned and illegal after 22 weeks except in the most extreme circumstances (primarily pertaining to the health of the child or mother). There have been some reasons cited below why some people are not aware of their pregnancy and may seek a late term abortion, but I do not think any of these reasons are reasonable or valid for a responsible adult. All it would take is a pregnancy test (blood test) every 5 months. Usually your lack of a period will give you some warning, but if it does not you will know for sure when you get tested. What possible excuse can there be for waiting 5 months into a pregnancy without being aware of the serious changes going on in your own body? Go to the doctor, make sure you and your child are healthy. (I'm also in favor of globalized healthcare, so you should not inure any expenses for this treatment but that is another argument all together). Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!