The book is "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest." Thesis: I'm not saying Nurse Ratched (NR) is a good person; I only claim that she's at least morally similar if not better than her nemesis McMurphy (MM), so she's basically justified in her struggle. Ok, I read this book in High School and I'm drawing from memory here, but the argument will essentially concern the linchpin of the Ratched-McMurphy struggle - Billy Bibbit (BB). Very shortly after MM steps into the asylum, he works to bring the patients outside of their comfort zones and free them from the clutches of the asylum. It's a totally admirable intention, and a traditional interpretation of the text pits the soul crushing asexual uniformity of NR against the free spirited, raw masculine optimism of MM. The linchpin of the struggle is one patient BB who is among the most vulnerable characters in all of literature. A nervous, suicidal severe stutterer, BB's suicide later in the novel leads MM to physically assault NR leading to his lobotomy. In a very real sense, MM and NR are fighting over BB's soul throughout the novel. While we are all critical of NR when it comes to BB, it seems quite a bit of MM's behavior has been glossed over. At one point earlier on in the novel, MM suggests to BB that he should be out 'chasing girls and driving convertibles' or something along those lines. I remember this quote distinctly, but again I don't have the book in front of me. MM is just so unrealistically optimistic, that I can't help but think that his empty optimism is in part responsibile for BB's downfall. Just picture the scene IRL: You're in a mental institution and a large, confident man is telling this broken, scared stutterer that he should be outside in the real world flirting with women and having fun; to me the picture seems unreal. I feel like MM doesn't really recognize human limitation, and this has a really dangerous side to it when dealing with clearly unstable people. NR isn't wrong in seeing the danger here. So later on after BB sleeps with Candy (due to MM, of course) this is apparently how BB gains his masculinity according to traditional interpretations, but this is a little fishy. Men don't gain their masculinity by having other men get them sex. There would have at least been an argument if BB had confronted her and paid her himself, but it was entirely MM. We can brush aside the moral question of prostitute, but something about MM making BB "a man" leaves a bad taste in my mouth. It seems apparent that MM treats BB as a childpawn who is incapable of doing anything for himself in much the same way as NR; it's hard to favor one over the other. So that's my case. NR is no angel, but I have a legitimate gripe with MM and can't help but feel that he's partially responsible for what went down with BB. EDIT: tl;dr - things are at least stable under NR, she seems to recognize human limitation and she's not in the wrong in challenging MM's unrealistic, dangerous optimism which ultimately leads to disaster in the asylum.