I must admit I don't know much about the police force, much less in the USA, nor their training or current instructions. However, most recent cases involve an officer thinking someone has a weapon, and killing him. It would seam like an appropriate response to shoot to immobilize rather than shoot to kill. I remember reading that Israeli soldiers, when faced with someone approaching the camp without identifying, were ordered to first shoot in the air, then to immobilize, then, in last resort, to kill, if the target kept showing aggressive intentions. A case like [this] could have been avoided. As said in a comment: My point is that we should balance a chance of missing and the chance of killing an innocent. Imagine a situation: On an empty road at night. Suspect A has a 60 chance of being dangerous. Police officer B looses his nervemiscalculate the danger, and empties his magazine. 5-10 bullets hit the torso, A dies in the minute. There will be loose shots. 40-45 chance of an innocent dying. Suspect A has a 60 chance of being dangerous. Police officer B doesn't loose his nerve underestimate the danger, he is shot by surprise and abandoned on the road. He probably dies there. 60-65 chance of an innocent dying. Instead, if B had shot for legs until he hit, shooting 1-7 bullets. There may be loose shots. The target is immobilized, has only 5 chance of dying. If that B was actually dangerous, he may at that point pull out a weapon and try to shoot. With a bullet in the leg, he is much less of an actual danger. If he wasn't, innocent life spared. There is a 5-20 chance of an innocent dying. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!