The opinion that NATO's primary motive for sending armed forces to participate in the Afghanistan civil war was, in secret, to gain access to the oil reserves in that region, is, strangely, a commonly-held one among people I know. I see few reasons that suggest this is true. Though the war in Afghanistan is a complicated matter and people always find brief, self-cited facts mid-conversation to back their points, I believe this viewpoint is mostly grounded in an assumption that Western governments are completely morally bankrupt, a view which I do not hold. Furthermore, I can completely understand the response to 3,000 deaths in a colossal, unprecedented attack in the US, alongside 57 in the UK a few years later, to be met with a somewhat panicked yet determined response by the governments of the West to engage the organisations assumed responsible in direct war. I do not agree with the decision, and certainly not the approach, but the reaction seems pretty ordinary to me. Finally, though I don't know the specifics of either war or oil, I do know that wars are ridiculously expensive. And, precious a resource as oil is, I do not understand why the West would sidestep the perfectly viable option of trading with countries with oil reserves for a relatively small cost, as opposed to going to war for an enormous cost. In addition, I reject the idea that colonialist land-snatching in countries on the other side of the planet is still an option for governments of the modern world, and I expect that making use of oil reserves requires the stability and time needed to set up infrastructure, which I cannot imagine being done in secret and in a country you are at war with. So yes, the orthodox explanation of the war on terror seems quite acceptable to me, and I doubt the significance of oil in the conflict, or any others in the Middle East. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!