Slightly sensationalist, but a good article introducing my view Here's the gist of what the article says that agrees with my views most. So, how do these unremarkable goods attract so many willing customers? One factor is that they are often being sold by adorable little girls, which will lead many women in particular to think, "Awww, they're so cute - I guess I'll buy two boxes." Certainly, this is the only reason why my wife, otherwise a vigilant dieter, would ever spend money on a box of cookies. Now, if an ordinary business tried to sell its wares by recruiting an army of cute moppets as salespersons, they would busted in a flash for violating child labor laws; but the Girl Scouts get away with it because hey, it's all for "a good cause." (Actually, it isn't, but that's a point for another paragraph.) What is even more insidious is that these poor girls, driven by spurious competitions created by their greedy organization to win prizes for selling the most cookies and making the most money, ask their parents and adult relatives to market them to friends and co-workers, often by applying the worst sorts of improper pressure. Thus, a few years ago, my boss announced that he was selling Girl Scout cookies for his niece to all interested employees. Now, what worker would be brave enough, or crazy enough, to refuse to buy cookies from his boss? (As it happens, I was, but then again, that might explain why I never get promoted.) In an extraordinary act of courage, the venerable news organization CNN dared to suggest in an online article that, just perhaps, it might not be entirely ethical for employees to push Girl Scout cookies in the workplace; and surely, the only reason that their headquarters weren't burned down by angry protesters is that the Girl Scouts, committed to the official fiction that only their members are selling cookies, cannot officially acknowledge just how much of their profits come from adult vendors who are not actually Girl Scouts themselves. Isn't having kids selling products for business is considered exploitation?