In recent years I have become a big fan of Major League Baseball, watching dozens of games of my team (the Rockies) and following the playoffs. That said, the regular season is too long in terms of the number of games played. Every team plays 162 games per season plus 29 spring training games immediately prior to the season's opening. That's roughly double the amount of games in the NBA regular season, and roughly ten times the number of games in the NFL regular season. This means that every team will play 5-6 games per week, except during the relatively short all-star break, for close to seven months (excluding the postseason). This has a number of negative effects. First, it leads to position players being injured through the wear-and-tear of playing so often. How often is a starting position player put out of commission for a couple weeks because of a tweaked hamstring or shoulder soreness or knee pain? Starting position players often have to be rested even when teams are in still in the hunt for a playoff berth just to avoid these wear-and-tear injuries. Second, the sheer number of games hinders baseball's ability to be a more national sport like basketball or football. There are so many games that just trying to follow your local team will provide more than enough baseball for a year. I don't often feel motivated to watch a Yankees vs. Red Sox game on national TV when I have already seen 5 Rockies' games during the week. Compare with other major sports, especially football, where you can follow your team and still have plenty of time to follow the rest of the action. This is partially what allows football and basketball to be national sports and thus be more relevant in the national culture. The fatigue due to the number of games played dramatically reduces ratings for games on national TV. Third, the number of games also decreases local television ratings and fan attendance at the stadiums. When there are 162 games, there's no sense of missing out if you miss a game or five during the season, because no individual game is of much importance in itself (save for the last 20-30 games of the season played by a handful of the 30 teams chasing a playoff berth in September). This is especially true in the mid-season slog during June, July, and early August. Fourth, it makes it harder for casual fans to become more devoted fans because it is just hard to follow a team with so many games to be played. It requires a great deal of motivation and time investment to become a more devoted fan, especially if your team isn't contending. Fifth, and finally, the number of games means that the season must be very long in terms of time. Spring training starts at the beginning of March, while the World Series is played at the end of October. This causes two major problems. First, because baseball cannot be played in rough weather, and most teams play in open stadiums, this leads to a risk of games being cancelled due to snow in the early part of the season and the late part of the season and, crucially, during the playoffs. Second, this means that baseball must overlap with football at the end of the season which, given the utter dominance of football in the ratings and in sports coverage in the news, can only siphon fan attention and interest away from baseball right when it should be heating up. I believe the regular season should be shortened by at least 20 games, and perhaps as many as 50-60, to deal with the above five issues. So, Reddit, change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!