I believed the 911 conspiracy theories as soon as I heard them. It was around 2004 and I was young and I had read Richard Clarke's book Against All Enemies and come out of it hating George W. Bush. I still have very strong negative opinions of the man and think history will judge him as one of our worst presidents. I was perfectly primed to believe Loose Change when I saw it. I say this not because you should care what my personal feelings are, but to establish that I am not a guy who couldn't believe that our government could do something like this. I still believe that they could. I just don't believe that they did. The problem I have with the pro-conspiracy crowd is that they will do or say anything to support their narrative, but they will not give the time of day to other explanations. They have refused to change their stance when evidence and logic has overwhelmingly proved them wrong. In fact, they refuse to even acknowledge arguments or evidence that don't support their claims. I'll go through some of the major points here. Building 7 This was a major lynchpin in the early days of the conspiracy movement. Many people would simply hold up signs or post on messageboards "Google WTC7." I believe the idea was that they thought WTC7 wasn't reported on in the early days ofafter 911, but I always found this weird because I clearly remember that it was. It just wasn't a focus because it was smaller and had been evacuated. The conspiracy crowd says this building wasn't hit by a plane and that it fell at freefall speed for no reason. I find this frustratingly specious, because while it wasn't hit by a plane, we have known for years exactly why it fell, and that it did not fall at freefall speeds. WTC 7 was hit by a very large section of the collapsing WTC1, which was on fire. This started a fire in 7 that burned unfought all day long. Every professional on the ground knew it was going to collapse (which is why the BBC reported it early). This makes it doubly dangerous to believe WTC7 conspiracies because you would have to believe the FDNY was in on it. They looked at it on an up close and personal level and knew it was coming down. To say it was demolished would be to say that the firefighters who were there are lying. This is not only incredibly offensive but it makes the conspiracy too big (who let them in on it and why? Why haven't any of them spilled the beans? What could they have been paid that was worth more than 343 of their brothers' lives?) "The buildings fell at freefall speeds" This has been debunked for many years. There are videos where you can count from collapse initiation to the ground and see for yourself that the buildings fell at speeds consistent with such a collapse which is shockingly fast, but not freefall speed. To still be saying this after it has been so thoroughly proven wrong is not a mistake, it's a lie. "There was molten steel at ground zero" Not only is there zero evidence of molten steel at ground zero (besides pics that were proven to be photoshopped), a demolition wouldn't cause molten steel either. All that's here are eyewitness reports, which are notoriously unreliable. The most likely explanation is that people saw warped and deformed steel and used the casual term "molten" to describe it. "Larry Silverstein profited from the attacks No he didn't. And this is inconsistent with any conspiracy narrative. [Edit: see comments for further discussion of this point. Removed a superfluous reference here.] I could go point-by-point on many other aspects of this event, but my larger point here is that the pro conspiracy crowd knows all of these arguments too, and refuses to acknowledge them. That's not how facts or truth or logic or reasoning or science works. That's not how an investigation works. That's not how you get to the truth of a matter. Perhaps the biggest problem with the 911 conspiracy theory is that it isn't a theory at all. A theory is a narrative. A theory explains. A theory adjusts for new information and corrects for mistaken, incomplete, or outdated information. The 911 conspiracy theory is none of this. It doesn't explain anything. It isn't internally or externally consistent. It doesn't make more sense than the mainstream narrative. It does not outcompete the mainstream narrative in the idea marketplace. In fact, no two believers in the inside job conspiracy seem to actually agree on all of the details. It only seeks to poke holes in the mainstream account, and refuses to acknowledge its own failures. I believe most conspiracy theorists do not understand the full mainstream narrative because it is difficult, complicated, goes back many years, and requires knowledge of geopolitics that can't really be grasped by youtube videos with scary music. The alternative theories are vague, exciting, make you feel like you have special knowledge, and are infinitely more appealing to people who are intellectually lazy. Am I saying that every detail we know or think we know about 911 is correct? No. Am I saying the US is perfect, or even innocent in this? No. It was blowback from our foreign policy in the Middle East. I am saying that 19 Arabs hijacked 4 planes and crashed them on 9112001. This directly resulted in damage to the Pentagon, the collapse of WTCs 1, 2, and 7, and extensive damage to the rest of the WTC complex, and required no explosives and no cooperation from the US government. In 13 years, the conspiracy crowd has not come up with a competing narrative that more accurately or more logically describes what happened that day. Change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!