Okay, so the title is somewhat apocalyptic and certainly hyperbolic but that is indeed the gist of my belief. With only a few minor exceptions (and debatable ones, at that), Democratic Peace Theory is largely true. A quick re-cap of DPT: Essentially Western-style liberal democracies do not go to war with each-other. Not included in DPT but included in my theory is the fact that Western-style liberal democracies rank the highest in nearly all important measures of development, from literacy to mortality to education to security to finances and beyond. It holds true that nations that reach a certain level of economic prosperity, and with it the accompanying representative and (at-least somewhat) non-corrupt political systems, do not fight with other, similar nations. If that is true, then it must be the duty of the West, who espouses these liberal, democratic values to convince or coerce everyone else into following these systems. We have seen that you don't need the institutional history behind Western European economic and political liberalism for it to succeed. Consider Japan: Forced in the mid-1800's to accept Western influence, it proceeded to modernise, turning itself into a Western-style imperial power. After the Second World War, under the guidance of the victorious Allied powers, Japan became a liberal democracy, and despite a near-uninterrupted three-thousand year history of totalitarianism and feudalism, the Japanese now rank among the most prosperous and peaceful nations on Earth. Similar examples can be found from South Korea to Chile to Israel and beyond. This all goes to prove that you don't need to be European, or former European colonies (US, Australia, SA, etc.) to successfully Westernise and thus fall into Democratic Peace Theory. If, then, it is true that A) Western-style liberal democracies are peaceful, prosperous and progressive (comparatively), and B) You don't actually have to be Western to successfully adopt the Western system, then it must logically follow that it is the duty of those in the Western-style liberal democracies to spread this system, unique in world history, to every corner of the globe. To that end, and, truly, with great sadness, I believe we must be committed to the destruction of all other economic-political-social systems, or, if not the destruction, then the alteration of those systems to the point that they are compatible with ours (which many people would consider destruction anyway). Of course, I am not advocating the death of the adherents to or physical destruction of the locations in which these other systems exist absolutely not! It is my sincerest wish that all people could co-exist in peace, prosperity and harmony, and I have immense respect for and interest in the works and accomplishments of all the civilisations that have yet arisen on our planet, from the Islamic Golden Age in Baghdad to the Spring-and-Autumn period of Chinese history that brought us Confucius, Lau-Tse and Sun Tzu, and beyond. Even so, it remains true that the countries of the Middle-East (as an example there are plenty of other regions of the world that are similarly un-Westernised, like Central Asia, most of Africa, some of South America, much of South-east and East Asia, etc.), with the exception of Israel (and formerly Turkey worrying developments there, eh?), are neither liberal nor democratic, and this must be changed, by force if necessary. It is with this theory in mind that I advocate the West's cultural imperialism across the globe, and where necessary and possible, the West's physical intervention, in order to as soon as possible bring about a peaceful, prosperous and stable international order. Change My View, I'm intensely interested in hearing critiques and rebuttals! TL;DR Western-style liberal democracies are peaceful, prosperous and progressive, and they do not fight each other. Because of this, all countries should be coerced or forced into becoming Western-style liberal democracies. PS I hope this won't be necessary, but I will make it explicitly clear: I am absolutely not a white-supremacist or anything like that, and an Arab-American or Pakistani-Briton is every bit as Western as a French-American or Scotsman, provided they are indeed Westernised.