I have hypothyroidism, PCOS, and used to be a emotional binge eater. I lost over 60lbs. I understand that conditions can limit someones ability to easily lose weight, but considering I have 2 physical ones and 1 mental one, and still lost weight. I just don't understand. I'm starting to look at fat loss as simply a matter of accepting that your diet is flawed and making changes. People have false views of how healthy they eat and this pride prevents them from making changes they need. Everytime I post something like this I just get a million downvotes. Why do people downvote me? Is it because I'm wrong somehow and millions of people truly can't lose weight. Edit: Okay it makes more sense. "Simply" being a troubled word that implies weight loss is easy. That was incorrect. I was obese as a child and lost the weight when I grew old enough to buy and prepare my own food. I'm blessed with a preference for the healthy food and slowly taught myself to lower my appetite, making my experience easier than most. I shouldn't project myself so much on other people. No one is arguing thermodynamics or saying weight loss is impossible. Everyone is saying that it is hard and after varies arguments I'm inclined to agree. However, while weight loss is hard due to various factors, they do have solutions. ex: An emotional eater can indivually work out their food addiction. While it isn't easy, it can be done. I can't settle for "can't." I feel like that is too dismissive and hopeless. But it is a matter of willpower. The debate is whether people can control their willpower. It is also a matter of wanting to lose weight. Settling for being overweight is a choice a lot of people seem to make. But I guess its sort of the same thing as smoking. Something in theory can be fixed by putting down the cigarette but a ton of inner strife. But in all seriousness, for all people who do want to loose weight. How can I help them (I forgot to mention I'm a nutrition student) loose weight by dealing with psychological factors. Nutrition actually has little classes on psychology and weight loss, and mostly cooking and science classes. I sorta rely on reddit to educate myself. How can weight loss become easier? What can I do? What can society do? Etc Also, I'm kinda hung up on few things. I feel like while people may not want to, pretty much every condition can be overcome. With the exception of people with extremely low BMRs where the subsequent nutrient defences and hunger pangs outweigh the benefits of wright loss. So I guess my view has been partially changed. So like "half deltas all around." When I figure out how to give a delta I will award particularly thought provoking comments. Edit 2: oh I forgot to mention I never ever condone bullying or shaming fat people. The never directly tell people they should lose weight. From when I was fat "my mirror tells me I'm fat everyday, I don't need to hear it from anyone else" Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!