The idea of a "non-binary gender" is that some individuals carry a gender identity that is neither male nor female. Usually this is framed within the context of them identifying as alternating malefemale, having no gender, or having a mix of the two. This idea is appearing more and more in public policy, social debate, and political discourse, and on the surface it's quite unsettling to see. As someone with an extensive background in scientific education, this idea makes no sense and smells of people inventing arbitrary identities on no rational basis. Gender identity as defined by most psychologists and biologists is a "mapping" of sex characteristics onto the brain; numerous studies have highlighted areas of the brain that are congruent in size to an individual's gender identity (whether cis or trans). As nature has only two evolutionarily-defined sexes (setting aside intersex conditions, which are more of a birth defect much like cleft-lip), it doesn't make any sense for there to be more than two real gender identities. It doesn't make much sense to desire both a penis and a vagina, when no biological organism naturally possesses this combination to begin with. In addition, many of the claims "non-binary" people make sound much more like gender variance, an accepted, non-pathological, psychological phenomenon where your preferences and behaviors are incongruent with your gender identity and sex. For example: Individuals who "alternate" between male and female are in all likelihood expressing varying preferences for things that are artificially gendered to begin with (clothing, style, etc.), and that claiming this is an integral part of your identity makes no more sense than claiming your desire to play Sega one day and Nintendo the next means you're a "non-binary gamer" by brain design. Individuals who claim "not to fit in either category" are in all likelihood feeling this way because society (American society in particular) is rigid on gender roles, and does not take too kindly to males in dresses or short-haired females. Similarly, people who claim to be "agender" may not feel constrained by these roles. Both cases would better (and more rationally) explained as "masculine femalefeminine male," rather than forcing the awkward construction of non-standard identities. Many other cases are simply people with bona-fide GID who are unwilling or unable to seek help and transition normally. Edge cases trick themselves into feeling dysphoria that would not otherwise exist, or actually suffer from a different psychological disorder unrelated to gender identity. For this example, I would cite the case of the "trans-abled," or people who identify as disabled despite being able-bodied. Despite having utterly no grounding in biology and science, these people exhibit dysphoria better explained under the umbrella of clinical depression, bodily integrity identity disorders, and other existing classifications. You can't help an individual with BIID by simply cutting off their arms; why would you help someone who claims to be "non-binary" by cutting off their breasts? This is not to say future research will not reveal any evidence for varying gender identites, but to say there's a pressing need to have eight boxes on the census and for me to learn made-up pronouns sounds both immature and premature.