Guaranteed income is a subject that I've been exposed to more than a few times, both on the internet and in school. My current U.S. History course has studied both the Depression-era New Deal policies and the WWII hopes for post-war social safety nets recently, which brought the subject back to the front of my mind. I feel that it is a good idea, especially in a heavily consumption-based economy such as ours, to ensure the maximum possible eligible consumer base. It also seems morally right to ensure for the welfare and well being of our citizenry. That such funding ought to come from taxation of the wealthy - some of whom couldn't have any use for their wealth beyond using it to breed more wealth - simply seems fair to me. Yet these ideas have seemed to (and continue to) encounter heavy resistance. So far I've failed to really understand why, though most of the arguments I've encountered tend to revolve around the potential for abuse of such a system. Such arguments feel painfully frail to me - any system implemented on a national scale will have it's abusers, and refusing to help the needy on the basis of the potential for abuse seems analogous to punishing a group for the misdeeds of an unidentified individual within it. Not only do such tactics tend to do little to reform the individual, they tend to breed mistrust of each other, and resentment and disrespect for the punishing authority, within the group... resentment that could lead to more misdeeds by other individuals. EDIT: RIP my inbox. Thanks for the attention this has gotten. I have to go to bed now and have a very busy two days ahead of me, but I will try to read through everything eventually. EDIT2: Ok, for real this time. I have to admit, my faith in the concept of UBI is quivering a little... and I really love the debate!:) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!