First off I'll say that I absolutely DO believe satire has a place in the world, and I think it's a beautiful thing when we feel comfortable enough to make fun of the less-pleasant things in both ourselves and in society. Plus, it's a helpful tool at not only coping with the greyer things of life, but also drawing awareness to issues that otherwise might go unnoticed, allowing for more action to be taken to resolve them. However, I think when satire becomes the norm and we start to fail to see it for the social critique it is, it begins to lose its meaning and may even go far enough to reinforce the themes and attitudes that it's criticising. I know this is just a very basic example, but take South Park and it's Jew jokes. Growing up as a teenage male, all the guys my age found Cartman asking Kyle for his bag of "jew gold" to be the funniest thing ever, and being an impressionable adolescent I naturally went along with it, and so the stereotype of greedy Jews was born into my mind. I live in a society that has little Jewish presence, yet I already managed to develop a preconceived notion of them in my head, because I was too young and stupid to get the idea of satire. Now, I know you could argue that (a) South Park isn't meant for young teenagers anyway and (b) kids are naturally going to be more affected by mature humour, but in response to that I say that it's practically unfeasible to expect adult topics are always going to remain in adult society, and that as unfortunate as it is, even into adulthood a lot of people never develop the capacity to understand the subtlety of satire, and only see the surface-level jokes. When people fail to perceive the actual intention of satire, the result is that the problem becomes normalised as people become adjusted to it. I don't think I have to point out how this could make an issue worse. Nevermind the fact that satire doesn't exist in a vacuum. Satire's effectiveness rests on the premise that people can and do recognise what it's making fun of. This is diminished when your entire source of entertainment becomes satire, and your ability to perceive the topics it's addressing lowers because you assume that making fun of the world is "just how entertainment is," rather than being the tool to make light of these issues that it's supposed to be. Take GTA for example, this is a series whose entire entertainment platform is being a biting critique of modern society, but because it's so over-the-top and so constant, it's very easy for to lose the message and the end result is that the games themselves become the very thing they're likely railing against. And lastly, and this is probably just a pet peeve of mine, but I feel like when the comedic and entertainment focus is on satire, we forget that the OTHER half of dealing with problems is presenting possible solutions to solve them. Play Grand Theft Auto for too long and it's easy to get depressed and sour at the godawful portrayal of humanity the creators present. Watch too much animated sitcoms and you'll just think the world is one steaming pile of shit to be made fun of at every turn. Rather than being proactive in how they want people to address these issues, that just point a big rubber hand and say "LOOK! LOOK HOW SHITTY THAT IS! NOW EVERYONE LAUGH!." It's depressing, self-indulgent, and even irresponsible, as can lead people to forget that the world is a solvable place. Change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!