I think that there are a lot of rabble-rousing and knee-jerk reactions when someone mentions feminist and social justice movements, and I have failed to see an argument that convinces me to change my view about the small things we can do to make others feel more comfortable. A "microaggression," for the uninitiated, is a word, phrase, or action that is inherently tied to racism, sexism, homophobia, or religious intolerance, and can be that way even if the actor does not intend to convey those sentiments. Microaggressions are the evidence of subtle, societal problems with intolerance that have yet to be addressed. Examples: "I totally raped that test!" "You're the whitest black person I know!" "But no, like really, where are you from?" "We have to come in early tomorrow? That's soooooo gay!" "OP is a fag!" "So like, what are you?" (In reference to race) To me, it's clear why all of these statements are problematic. There are many true victims of sexual violence - why would you compare yourself to their attacker (s) in how you handled a test? If a black person did something, it's something black people do. They're just people. Why are you associating a quality or behavior that you like or don't like with whiteness? A person is born where they're born, and that's the answer to the question. If you want to know about their heritage, first ask yourself why you care about their heritage, and if there isn't some other item of small talk that you could engage with them on. You wouldn't ask a white person "where they're really from" in small talk, so why would you ask that of someone who doesn't look white? Coming in early tomorrow is really frustrating! I hate things that are frustrating. See what happens when you replace "frustrating" with "gay?" Why not just say "frustrating" or "shitty" instead of equating an entire identity to your disappointment with your schedule? Come on, can't we be done with this? Are we all 13? Well, yeah, there are a bunch of redditors who are 13. When we post and upvote this nonsense, we teach them that swinging targeted words like this around is funny and okay. We also reinforce the belief of those who use this word in adult, casual discourse that it's okay. What are they? They're a person. Not a what. Not a racial exhibit or spectacle for you to question and examine. If you want to know about their heritage, say "Tell me about your heritage," not "What are you?" If you'd like to get into the get into the weeds of the examples above, then fine, but what I'm really getting at is this: 1: Statements like those above are demonstrably offensive 2: Particular groups of people hear them all the time 3: It's easy and in no way harmful to just say what we mean Those who speak about microaggressions are merely communicating about what is offensive and hurtful, and asking that people think about what they're about to say before they say it. What is so awful about that? Why can't we just say what we mean, instead of lazily relying on words like "bitch" and "faggot" and "gay" when we have so many wonderful other curse words? When someone tells us that we've offended them, why is our response so defensive, when it could be "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to. Thanks for telling me, so I can avoid doing it again!" Don't we want those around us to be happy and comfortable? Dropping a word or phrase from our vocabulary, especially when it so rarely fits what we're trying to express, is no great task. Why on earth wouldn't someone want to do that to make those around them feel safe and happy? CMV! 416 UPDATE: After 206 comments, I'm afraid that my view has not been changed. I still believe that microagressions are real, worth talking about, easily stopped, and that the over-the-top response that people have to being asked to stop is hypocritical, damaging, and contrary to ethical behavior. Thank you all for the debate and comments, even those of you that assumed I was a female, transgendered feminiazi and tried to insult me on that basis (I'm a straight, white, squarely masculine dude). Cheers! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!