It is a common observation that women can act and dress like men (more or less) without reproach, but that men cannot act and dress like women without criticism. For instance: a woman who wears a suit, works a full time job, and knows how to fix cars is perhaps not a typical woman, but is not harshly judged. Conversely, a man who wears a dress, stays home to take care of children, and likes to arrange flowers is ridiculed and even harassed. A common (usually feminist, but not always it's tough to generalize feminism) response used to explain or justify this observation is that "femininity is viewed as weak, whereas masculinity is viewed as strong; therefore, weak strong good but strong weak bad." I want to argue that this common response prevents needed discussions of masculinity by drawing the focus back to femininity and women. That is, we tend to respond to such situations by asking, as we ask in many other places, "What's wrong with how we view women?" Very rarely do we ask, on a large scale basis, "Why is masculinity so restrictive? What can we do to help young boys feel more comfortable if they don't measure up to traditional 'masculine' standards?" I believe that men are more confined than women by gender roles, and that if we continually approach that fact by attempting to change "femininity" and not "masculinity," we will fail to facilitate change. EDIT: I should note that by "acts like a man" (etc.) I of course mean "the traditional man"; NOT that "all men do or act this way." EDIT II: VERY IMPORTANT I've awarded a delta to uGnosticGnome not for necessarily changing my view but for shifting the scope of my argument (I've added emphases): I think the issue I have with your argument is that "men can't act like women" actually is to a large extent a simple subset of "men can't be weak." Men are permitted to wear their hair long. They are allowed to arrange flowers. They are allowed to carry water. They are allowed to cook. They are encouraged to take good care of children provided they also have a job. They are allowed to clean. These are all "feminine" things that men are encouraged to do if they happen to be good at it. Men are not allowed to be weak. They are not allowed to wear stupid clothing, and it so happens that most stupid clothing is female or disappears from existence because who else would buy it. They are not allowed to be unemployed, even if they have kids. They are not allowed to be ignorant of how to fix the importantbasic things in their lives. To a large extent, it's just that the only people who are allowed to celebrate weaknessfailure are women, and so you call those domans of weakness feminine. But the domains of strength that might be called feminine (good with kids, clean, cooking, design, etc) are totally allowed for men just as any domain of strength is. I don't mean to take this to an extreme, but I think it's more true that weakness is unacceptable for men than that feminine strength is unacceptable for men. So, that being said, I still stand by my argument that we need discuss masculinity more the context, however, has changed slightly.