Title sort of explains itself. I don't think you are doing anyone a favor by hanging in there out of commitment. I also don't think the potential other relationship is relevant - people often see it as some kind of "punishment" of the one who broke off the ltr for it if the new relationship doesn't work out. I however think that doesn't matter, point is that if you can fall in love with another, it says a lot about your relationship in the first place. I also think it is respectful to your partner to leave them. You are acknowledging they have the right to be committed to someone who loves them more than you, and you are also acknowledging they are fine enough to be on their own. Sure it may hurt - it is never nice to be dumped, especially for someone else. But the person leaving did nothing wrong and in fact did the most moral thing possible. I am also against blaming the one who leaves or seeing it as something horrible to break up if a relationship was long. No, you may have had a lot of good time, and it is fair to end it if feelings change. why would anyone owe you their life? No one can make a commitment that lasts forever, no matter how much people fool themselves that that is what marriage is. There is nothing evil or wrong in falling in love with another - cheating is wrong, being honest and leaving is fair and even brave when compared with attitudes most people have to just stick in the status quo while not feeling it. Why would anyone want their partner to stay with them knowing they aren't in love with them anymore? Why would anyone want to be seen as a burden and duty? Relationship should be something it is always ok to walk out of - and then the few ones that stay together are doing so for honest reasons, not convenience. Edit: Some users (I awarded one delta at this point, but will read through and give more since few opinionsdiscussions helped me define this part) made me want to re shape my view. You don;t have to instantly leave your partner if you don't want to. But you have to tell them the truth about how you feel and allow them to decide if they want to leave or not.