This is why break-ups cause so much pain. This is why people remain in relationships in which they are suffering. This is why some people rush to get married and then soon get divorced. This is why sometimes people who are single feel like failures. I do not encourage promiscuity, but I encourage loving. "Marriage" is not the main goal of your life. Loving is. If you find your soul mate, then go for it! It is much healthier for children to have two stable, loving and committed parents than whatever messes people keep making of their lives nowadays. Edit: To clarify, I mean that all of the negative feelings listed above are made much worse than they need to be by society's current attitude towards sex. I fully support marriage when both participants are able to love themselves and each other and are confident that no possible change in reality can split their union. Also, look what's on the front page right now: "Marriage is an important part of getting ahead. Let's people know you're not a homo, married guy seems more stable, people see the ring they think 'at least someone can stand that son of a bitch.' Ladies see the ring they know immediately you must have some cash and your cock must work." It was suggested by Txmedic that I put this up here to further clarify my meaning, I apologize for any confusion: The instinctual drive to procreate through sex as much as possible definitely seems to be an inherent quality of the human bodymind. It is innate to human nature. We want to have sex, and lots of it, and we are attracted to all kinds of beautiful people. Engaging in a relationship either means that: 1. You are both comfortable knowing that each one of you is attracted to other people because you know that it is human nature but you love each other much more than anything else, or 2. You are both choosing to suppress your sexual desires in order to gain the benefits of being in a relationship, which is incredibly unhealthy and not a true connection between souls. People SHOULD feel open enough to share every single thought they have with their partners, but you know that is not the case in a great number of relationships. Most people have secrets that they keep; often those secrets are related to indulging in sexual activities outside of a main relationship because of the feeling that you can not trust your significant other with all of your true feelingsdesires since that might cause some jealousy. Also from my comments: Part of what I'm trying to say is that you should have all of that learning figured out and done with before you start trying to get married rather than winging it with someone who "you think is the one" and letting your growing personalities clash until your "marriage" tailspins into disaster. Yes, you will continue learning throughout life, but you have a responsibility to have the basics figured out before you start involving yourself heavily in other peoples' lives or you will cause harm to them as well as yourself. This kind of lifestyle would take a little getting used to (someone you have feelings for is also sleeping with others until you decide to become exclusive, but then again, so are you) for sure, but it only makes sense that in the end most people would enjoy it and be glad for the change as long as it comes around responsibly.