All through my life I've believed that being able to take a joke about yourself is a brilliant characteristic that someone can have. Whenever I've come across someone that can't take a joke about themselves-which is meant in a lighthearted way-I develop a dislike for this person. I tend to go through life judging others by their ability to keep themselves calm and collected in a situation where people are laughing at them, and 'roll with the punches' and move on. TL;DR Basically, I wanted to simply submit the title of this post, to see if there are any reasons why not to believe this. EDIT: Sorry I haven't replied in a while, it took me some time to read all your replies. Thanks! It seems though, that a lot of people have misinterpreted what I meant, and that's my fault, I didn't explain myself properly. I should really have emphasised the 'easily' part. When I said easily offended, I certainly didn't mean by jokes about someone's appearance, or lifestyle choice, or anything like that. If you get offended by stuff like that, that's normal. Although, as a guy who started losing his hair when he was 18, I now take insults like that with a pinch of salt. What I meant was, if you get drunk one night and do something you regret, then your friends all remind you of it the day after, and you can't laugh about it, for example. Or, if you state your opinion about a piece of art, or music, and someone gets offended because they like it, and they can't see past the fact that it's just another opinion about something. Sorry for not clarifying! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!