Right now Hamas wants to be treated like the sovereign government of the Gaza Strip. They however have been shown to be mostly incapable of doing so. I have seen people note that since 2005 Hamas has been capable of maintaining a ceasefire...within it's own organization. Usually it would seem the breaking of a ceasefire occurs when another organization fires from within Gaza, and Israel blames Hamas for it. I feel this is actually right. Hamas, no matter the capability, has the responsibility as the elected representatives of the Gaza Strip to ensure complete security of everything and everyone within it's 360 km area. This means that even if Hamas didn't fire the rocket, the rocket is still almost entirely their responsibility. Thus I maintain that if Hamas truly wanted to end the fighting the solution would be quite clear. If Hamas wants to maintain the peace ensure that Israel has no reason to retaliate or attack Gaza, but are seemingly incapable of doing so they should turn to the only organization capable of doing so effectively right now, Israel. It would relatively simple and would save hundreds of lives in the process. What would occur is Hamas would agree to supply the IDF with the exact location of the rocketmortar launches, the organization or individuals responsible, and any of their caches of weapons. Hamas would then allow an IDF ground unit in peacefully just to eliminate that threat. Hamas would then evacuate civilians from the immediate area once the IDF is done either destroying the weapons, capturing those responsible, etc. they would peacefully leave. No need for random rockets from the Israeli Air Force in attempts to destroy caches, no costly ground invasions, and Hamas would end the violence extremely quickly. All the while Hamas would be legitimately working towards peace even views about them within Israel may change. Overall fostering co-existence. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!