TL;DR: East Asians are the best bc they are hardworking and have ambition, and if other races want to succeed, they should copy what East Asians do I'm truly impressed by how successful East Asians are worldwide. Unlike Latin America, East Asian countries such as South Korea, Japan, and Taiwan, developed their economies at a very rapid pace in the post war period. Their economies are currently among the strongest in the globe and dominate in export-led growth (although Japan has been having a 20 year deflationary slump). People say that the East Asian educational system doesn't foster creativity and innovation, but I beg to differ: many innovations came out of Japan and Korea, and have helped these economies grow on both a hard and soft level. Korean and Japanese culture is being exported around the world: K-pop is extremely popular among non-Koreans in the U.S., and anime was very popular in the early 2000s and still is to an extent. East-Asians definitely dominate in entertainment, such as k-pop and k-dramas. China has also developed tremendously, and is a leader in sports, academics, economic growth, cultural richness, geopolitical acumen (such as hosting the 2008 Olympics), and more. Countries like China, South Korea, and Japan dominate in the olympics, worldwide soccer tournaments, gymnastics, ice skating, and more. East Asians take their lives seriously, are ambitious, look out for each other (have a collectivist mindset), preserve their culture and traditions, and strive for the top. And Japan is one of the most technologically advanced countries in the world! (especially in the field of robotics) The East Asian diaspora in western countries is also amazing: East Asian students in the U.S. are superhuman and well rounded: they work extremely hard in school, have a lot of extracurricular activities such as sports and music, take on challenging courses and subjects (like engineering), are involved in leadership, develop their brains so that they have high-level cognition, have a strong support group, tend to be outgoing (more than ppl would make them out to be), and in addition to be excellent in all these areas (sports, music, grades, taking school and work seriously, being ambitious, getting into excellent and prestigious universities, etc), a lot of them are also very chill people: they watch T.V. like everyone else, go to parties like everyone else, date like everyone else, go to clubs, bars, etc, work out to keep in shape, etc. Basically a lot of East Asians I know embody the phrase "word hard, play hard." When people say that there's institutionalized racism in the U.S., a great counter-argument is the success of East Asians: they are more financially better off than most whites! And East Asians have had increasing success in non-traditional areas, such as business management, investment banking, and politics. They don't settle for simple low-skilled blue collar work. In contrast, other minorities, like blacks and latinos, tend to be unmotivated about school, have parents who didn't invest a lot in their children's education (they don't view education as much of a priority), aren't very ambitious, are too focused on getting low-skilled work than aiming for the top, and waste too much time on video games (Asians are superior bc they have good time management: they rock both at video games while having enough time to study hard). Even poor East-Asians (excluding south east asians like vietnamese, cambodian, etc) face high levels of upward mobility because they take school and work seriously and work hard to achieve their goal. They are respectful, disciplined, and maintain strong familial ties...something you don't see in the broken African-American and latino households. Moreover, East Asians don't expect things to be handed down to them. They don't want to mooch off of the system and expect welfare handouts, even when wrong has been done to them. Asians were oppressed in the United States with the chinese exclusion act, internment camps during WW2, continue to face racism today, and more. But they work hard to deal with it, suck it up, and overcome it, rather than going around and complaining that "the system is oppressing us and we're powerless." The model-minority myth is quite true for East Asians (though not SE Asians). Other minorities should focus on finding ways to improve themselves rather than demanding policies like Affirmative Action that hurts hard working, disciplined East Asians. I also think that East Asians are superior to whites. While there are some exceptional white people, most aren't super invested in taking school seriously, which is why Asians dominate over them. Whites in America don't have much of a culture, tend to be ignorant about other cultures, aren't super ambitious. They do tend to focus a lot on sports, but Asians do that WHILE being good at school and aiming for prestigious jobs. Also it's not just white countries that conquered others: Japan conquered Korea and Manchuria before WW2. East Asians also are physically attractive: the males age well, don't have much body hair, and as a result, don't smell that bad. The women also age pretty well for a long time and many have a great sense of fashion and are pretty cute. I really like East Asian expressions, and appreciate East Asian cuisine, languages, and more. I'm learning Japanese atm, and it's great! I want to move to Japan some day! Sure, there are other ethnicities that succeed around the world: the Indian economy has been booming with regards to IT, and Indians across the world are very smart, hard working, and ambitious. But Indians are just not as "cool." How often do you see people in the U.S. wanting to learn Hindi or get excited about a new bollywood movie or hindi song? Instead, people go crazy over K-pop stars who visit the U.S. and are eager to watch the latest k-drama. Indians also suck at sports except for cricket, whereas East Asians dominate at sports. Also Indians tend to be more physically unattractive in the eyes of the general western public due to their body hair and resultant body odor. Also when you go on youtube, the amazing guitarists, beatboxers, violinists, drummers, pianists, rappers, cover artists, etc, tend to be asian. People comment how Asians are the best at everything they pursue. Nigerian immigrants are also extremely successful in the U.S.: they are highly educated, hard working, and receive high incomes. But Nigera as a country is complete shit and suffers from unemployment, hyperinflation, rabid corruption, poverty, and more. East Asian countries tend to be pretty developed, something they achieved through cooperation, capitalism, and hard work (and some help from the U.S.) I think East Asians have contributed the most to the U.S. out of any other group. And I'm not saying that other races should necessarily feel bad or discouraged. While East Asians are the best race currently, if other races try to emulate East Asians and what they do to succeed, then other races could be just as successful (By the way I studying electrical engineering and computer science at UC Berkeley and I can tell you that East Asians are dominating these classes where other ethnicities are taking less rigorous liberal arts programs) TL;DR: East Asians are the best bc they are hardworking and have ambition, and if other races want to succeed, they should copy what East Asians do