Atheism is inherently contradictory. It is hypocritical to claim that you are driven solely by science and the scientific method and to simultaneously assert with confidence that you are sure that there is no god. I don't think there is any sort of recognizable deity out there, no, but I think the teapot and spaghetti monster jokes are logical fallacies. We know that we know so little about our universe. We know so little about life, consciousness, existence, death, etc. What allows us to retain memories, have a conscience, etc? We have hormones and parts of the brain, but we really don't know. We also don't know what lies out there in the universe, and it's my belief that we never will. Atheists and religious people are driven by the same motivation it is uncomfortable for humans to be in a state of not knowing, so they instead choose to firmly believe in the existence of one, many, or no gods because it is uncomfortable to not be sure. Theism exists cross-culturally because people all need an explanation for why things are, and an omnipotent god is the obvious answer. Atheists say it's entirely science (and science as we understand it today), and that comforts them and yet, we really don't fully understand the mechanisms behind life and conscience and the universe. It is hubristic, especially combined with the frequent claim that it is a more "intelligent" position than a theological one. Agnostics, like myself, embrace the fact that we just aren't capable of knowing for sure at all. Science today cannot explain so much, and I believe in the pursuit of science via the scientific method and so I'll hold off on drawing my conclusion until I have compelling evidence. Again, I'm not saying there might be some guy in the sky. But who knows? It could be some sort of essence or we could be controlled in a simulation or who the hell knows what because our minds are really not that big compared to the universe. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!