I am quite open to changing my view on this topic. I'd like somebody to talk me through the economic reasoning for having interest, before discussing the pros and cons, and moral implications. The reason I believe it should be banned at the moment is because it allows money to be made simply from having wealth. It is a vehicle for the wealthy to accumulate wealth from the poor. Also, there is no choice. If you want a loan, or have a bank account, you MUST payreceive interest. There is no way you can withdraw your consent on ideological grounds: therefore we are trapped by interest. What are the results of this? It means payday loan companies like wonga can carry out state-sanctioned theft of your possessions and home to cover your debts. It means that you are penalised for not being rich. To say this is allowed when really there is no way you can disagree with the system seems wrong to me. But why ban it? I admit I have only been clued into this view because usury is something that is criticised in Abrahamic religions. My view is not well informed and so I would like some people to convince me of the opposite view. EDIT- So my view has evolved a bit, and to help me process everything I'm going to post a couple of points here. 1. So the main benefits of interest seem to be - compensating financiers for lending money, allowing small businesses to have access to capital, and allowing people to own items they otherwise wouldn't be able to. I am realising that economies will grind to halt if financiers cannot make money out of lending money without a viable alternative. 2. There does seem to be an alternative to interest in the form of Islamic Banking, whereby interest is not charged. Another system has been illustrated by uProjectShamrock [here] Whether these are good or bad systems is still unclear to me, but it illustrates alternatives are possible. 3. The way we charge interest in western societies directly empowers financiers. It is banks who decide interest rates, not their customers (who lend them money when they open a bank account) or the borrowers. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. FiAnorstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!