So I recently came across [this article] addressing the consumption of domesticated pets in Switzerland. I'm sure this topic has come up in this subreddit before but I still haven't been convinced to change my view. I concede that one should not eat pets that have already been "claimed" (i.e. don't take your neighbor's cat and put it in your soup). However, why shouldn't one be able to go to the local dog pound to pick up some meat for dinner? Animals in shelterspounds are not "claimed" by anyone and will eventually be euthanized. So why not let someone benefit from these animals? Additionally, I find the distinction between catsdogs and other animals to be confusing. Why is it so appalling to consume catsdogs when we have no problems with eating pigs and sheep? I've encountered the argument that catsdogs have "evolved" with the human race, but to be honest, all animals that are currently alive are equally "evolved." Of course, historically, catdogs have had their uses beyond just being food but this idea doesn't seem to apply to horses (which were used as transportation), sheep (which provide wool), pigs (provide leather), and cows (provide leather). EDIT: Thanks for all the input! (Initially, I was quite overwhelmed.) Special thanks to uHeddaLettuce and ucrayshack for offering great ideas and data sources. I've posted this somewhere in the thread but decided to post it somewhere more visible: "I've come to the conclusion that pet consumption should be discouraged based on potential health problems (definitely not because we should feel bad about it or because some animals are "more intelligent" than others). Additionally, large scale maintenance of dogcat farms (and subsequently large scale consumption) would be economically inefficient. However, the government should not ban pet consumption because dogscats eaten in small amounts is not detrimental to health or economy." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!