For clarification, swing dance is the encompassing dance that historically include (not some of the derivatives, due to one reason or another) Charleston, Lindy Hop, Balboa, Shag, East Coast (aka Jitterbug, 6 count swing, etc), West Coast, Bal-swing, and blues (sorry I forgot about this at first). Understand that within the above list, West Coast and East Coast are both derivatives of Lindy Hop, Bal-swing is a derivative of Balboa, etc; while certain derivatives of the above set, such as one of the derivatives of Charleston, Malborne Shuffle, is not commonly included in swing dance; thus the above set can be considered to be somewhat arbitrary (because it is.) For now consider only the above set. Consider the defined set of sub-dances of swing dance, and consider the mainstream education system. I shall lay out the structure of the education system, which is not mainly what I'm arguing against. I'm not arguing the structure, but the content. Known to most of us, who are practitioners of this art form, there are local dance organizations (formed by the community, the local college, etc). These are organized and taught by local people and certain local experienced dancers. The level of lessons and nature of progression of the local dance organizations are relatively low, with very low focus on concepts and theories of the art form. Beyond that, there are regional workshops, exchanges, etc; these are generally organized by the local community of larger cities and taught by generally a mix of local experienced dancers, which often are better practitioners (possible professionals) than the local dancers of smaller communities, and non-local professionals. Even after that, there are national workshops, exchanges, etc; these are organized by the local community of larger cities, professionals, big event organizers, etc and are taught by ensembles of professional dancers. Now, the above was a brief overview of the historical definition of swing dance and the structure of the education system of the art form. Let's begin. 1. Swing dance by its nature is a partner dance, thus the interaction between you and your partner is crushingly important; the content covered at lessons, workshops, exchanges, etc focuses largely on (for a lack of a better term) individual technique and very very rarely on musicality. 2. The dance was born out of the music, thus the "interaction" of the dancers with the music is also crushingly important. As stated before, concepts and theories covering the musicality are not taught very often. 3. The system creates more individual technique dancers, which is not inherently negative, but focus on this 1 out of 3 fields of swing dance is not healthy. 4. A side note of a system that focuses on individual techniques, follows often only focuses on defined-roles lead-follow dynamics aka you lead and I follow; what a shame. 5. While people may argue that technique is the most fundamental field, it's not, because there are equally importantly early level concepts in interaction and musicality; beyond a certain level of mastery of the basics, the 3 can and should all be examined properly. 6. Often lessons, workshops, exchanges, etc teach the practical (moves, some footwork variations, etc), which again is not inherently negative, but the lack of concepts and theories is not very effective, there needs to be a better balance. 7. This complain is mainly a personal. Swing dance was and still is a party dance, for the mass, for the social, for the interaction, for music; it's not and I'm sure it won't be (and it really shouldnt be) ever as focused on technique as other dances such as Ballet and Dubstep dance; dont get me started on Ballroom. Anyways, thus it's my humble opinion that to focus so much on individual technique, it's at best underutilizing the art form and at worst totally missing the point (if there is one). There are some issues I have with money, privates, workshops, etc; but meh, let's not talk about those. Thanks for reading! Edit: I'm bad at writing.