To be clear, I support the Supreme Court in their decision to legalize same-sex marriage, and I'm happy that rights that have been granted to heterosexual couples are now going to apply to everyone in society. I am, however, mildly concerned or at least intrigued as to where this debate or issue ends. The reason it's troubling for me is that the most common arguments used to support gay marriage are that "love is love" and "loving who you choose is your right." What these arguments implicitly say is that the necessary criteria to be allowed to marry is that you love that which you are marrying. Now I won't delve into the typical response of "Next thing you know, it'll be legal to marry your pets!" because I find that particularly hyperbolic and non-productive to the discussion. But I do feel that this open mindset of the definition of marriage will definitely lead to a future debate about what "marriage" is. I believe that the next group to demand legal marriage rights will be polygamists, and that the same arguments of "love is love" will still apply. My fear is that despite this good ruling today, we have opened up the door to extremely loose and liberal interpretations of the meaning of "marriage" to include anything we want it to under the law. Further, I believe that polygamy is harmful to society and that raising children in a polygamous is harmful to their growth. I believe that polygamy is not a natural arrangement for humans, and that no matter what, it will be emotionally damaging to at least one person in this "relationship". But then as I type those words, I realize that the exact same things were said about gay marriage in recent history. So, Reddit, CMV that this supreme court ruling isn't going to evolve into a culture of people being able to marry whoever (or whatever) or however many people they want. Edit: Let's avoid the moral implications of Polygamy for now. I shouldn't have typed out my personal views on the matter because it's really not what I'm interested in arguing (whether it's right or wrong). I'm interested in hearing legally, why this SC ruling will not lead to a case law precedent used to affirm Polygamy rights in the future. I ask this because all through this debate, most advocates for gay marriage rights said that comparisons of the movement to polygamy were ridiculous. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!