There is a large group of people right now, in the midst of the "scandal" surrounding the NSA's wiretapping practices, who are remaining silent. Comprised of computer scientists, technologists, analysts; and other people who logically juxtaposed technology and the Patriot Act - that knew this was happening. In fact, a good portion of them helped implement the technology that facilitates it. The software, hardware, and infrastructure that creates the capability that has been exposed did not just appear out of nowhere; nor was it created entirely inside the NSA. The fact that everyone is now so surprised that it takes place, and demonizing the NSA for it, is utterly ignorant of the colossal mandate placed upon the NSA by the American people. Imagine being a member of the agency tasked with foiling the most heinous acts of terror. Imagine the consequences of failure that those people accept as a burden. Imagine the overwhelming volume and complexity of digital communication. We're not talking about screening your shampoo bottles at the airport; this is a legitimate attempt to combat intelligent, sophisticated, dangerous people who would like nothing more than to see you, your family, and your families family dead. Do you honestly believe that the NSA is browsing about your Facebook page, logging your check-ins and conversations, archiving your meaningless tweets, just to destroy your privacy? It may be a harsh realization, but nobody, and I mean nobody, gives a shit about this information. Probably not even the people who you "share" it with. Your personal conversations, in the eyes of the national security, are utterly and absolutely useless. It is narcissistic and delusional to believe that your half-private, "personal" information is interesting to anyone but you. As it is, your gmail is combed to target ads, your facebook info the same, rinse-and-repeat - perhaps read a EULA sometime. If by the off chance that your personal communications were miraculously escalated to an NSA Analyst for inspection, it is almost a certainty that it would be discarded faster than a tabloid headline. So, I contend, that if all of my personal emails were logged and saved by the NSA (as they already are mirrored, within my email service providers servers), if every single one of my personal conversations; voice, data, text - were on record within some NSA server (as they already are, within various service providers archives), that I would gladly hand them over, if by the probabilities of scale, this mass harvesting of information would spare the families of 911 victims their burden. CMV.