Hey everyone, As a frustrated voter in the U.S., I have found that the current government fails to listen to the majority of citizens, and at times will sensationalize or mislead the public for their own gain (it might be to avoid an issue or it may be to help getting re-elected). As a college student who works part-time at a gas station (Great hours but the stress sucks), I've seen many customer come in and buy the most malnourished food in the store with their Food-Stamp Card. I bring this up, not as an opponent against social safety nets, but as a concerned citizen who is concerned about the indirect cost of this behavior. There are other scenarios but this one is the first that comes to mind. Back to the topic, I believe that if there were certain requirements to voting then we would have a more productive political discussion and decision process. I believe that there are people who vote for their lifestyle while taking advantage of those who work for theirs, and the takers don't realize that they are taking money from the government which the government took from hardworking, tax-paying citizens. For example: If I was able to make a rule, I would revoke the voting privileges of those who receive government aid (in the area of welfare and food-stamps) because it may very well incentivize people to go out and contribute to society. I find it asinine that these people can make decisions on who will be my Congressman when they are currently leeching off of the U.S. government and not contributing to it. I am hopeful that someone on the internet can change my view. I'm not very fond of my opinion, and I am not trying to incite a war on poor people. So, please pardon my jadedness and try to change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!