Lately, in Slovenia, there has been a growing movement, which calls itself "Democratic Socialism." There are multiple of their claims which I do not agree with (I do not oppose the ideology, but rather I do not find their arguments good enough). However, they are making one claim, which, if I am not mistaken, is also a fundamental principle of both socialism andor communism, that: "unlike in capitalism, where money equals power, under socialismcommunism people will be equals and have equal power, even though (in socialism at least) their personal income might still be unequal by a (very low) factor." I heard this repeated time and again and, unsurprisingly, a large number of people here, especially among those that remember (the good parts of) Tito's Yugoslavia, are totally psyched. Now, my logic goes as follows: In capitalism, those that figure out how to make money, grow rich and use their money to influence others. Thus inequality grows, with those who are business-savvy setting the course for the masses through politicians and otherwise, by using money to further their own goals. I think we can all agree on this part. Now, in socialismcommunism (as envisioned by these people), nobody has that much more money than everybody else and, especially if absolute direct democracy is instituted, nobody has nearly enough money to control such a mass of people. So far so good, but my brain continues like this: True, nobody can use money to get to the top. However, this doesn't mean that nobody can get to the top. Maybe not with money, but charisma is the worlds second-oldest method of persuasion. A charismatic person can exert that "power of personality" and convince others to follow his ideas, eventually gathering a large enough following, so they can overrule the other people's opinion, either through "direct democracy" or, as was usual throughout history, by using the world's oldest method of persuasion - brute force. And so we're again in a system where some people have up to infinitely (North Korea comes to mind) more power than others, except now, these people also have a more or less fanatical bunch of followers, who consider their leader superhuman. So, please, I would like to have my view about this changed. This specific issue is one of the biggest problems I have with socialismcommunism. So, please, CMV! And Merry ChristmasHappy Holidays to everyone!