I've been thinking for the last few days over the idea of legalizing hallucinogenic drugs, much in the same way alcoholtobacco are legalized, albeit with some caveats. I willingly acknowledge that hallucinogenic substances are potent, and potentially, radically life altering. However, they can also be incredibly dangerous to the user in question, causing them to behave in erratic and possibly dangerous ways. However, with the proper social constructs and legal regulation, I feel that legalizing their recreational use isn't entirely out of the question.::MITIGATING STRUCTURES:: (a) Define a list of legally usable hallucinogens. I would argue that the initial list of these substances would be entirely natural and limited (ie - varying species of psilocybin fungi, possibly a small handful of other plant species). The idea behind this would be to acclimate society to the controlled use of these substances, and also to vet the degree of danger associated with each. As the research ofsocial use of these substances becomes more widespread, certain hallucinogens may be singled out for being particularly risky to use (eg - higher risk of "bad trips," risk of severe dehydration, allergic reaction potential, toxicityOD risk, etc). Over time more and more substances may be added (or redacted) from the list to comprise a body of "suitable" and relatively safe substances worth legalizing and consuming in a controlled manner. IMO, I would feel that starting off with natural substances would be safer than chemicalsynthesized hallucinogens (ie - LSDAcid, etc). (b) Consumption of said substances can only be done once reaching a certain age (ie -21) and after certain legal prerequisites. Namely a safety course on both using these substances and being a proper safety monitor for those under the influence. Ideally the ability to use these substances and be a sober monitor would be tied together. If you lose the right to do one, you lose the right to do both. (c) In order to consume these substances legally you must have two things: 1.) A legal participant to consume said substances 2.) A designated sober monitor The sober monitor's task would be to monitor the intoxicated party members. Preferably with a ratio involved (eg - 2 monitors for every 1 hallucinogen consumer). These monitors would be licensed and trained much in the same way that CPR is licensed. Under a safety course that allows them to accurately protect their intoxicated subjects in the event that something goes awry, and in the worst case scenario, call 911 for help. Ideally the monitors would be legally responsible for the actions of their subjects. (eg - Tripping friend has a bad trip and begins tearing out the dry wall in their apartment, the monitor would be legally responsible for these actions for not policing his subject properly.) (d) Strict no tolerance rules on who can be a sober monitorallowed to consume hallucinogens. Irresponsibility will not be tolerated. If your monitor can't police you properly they will have their license to monitorconsume hallucinogens revoked. Having a felony on your public record would be grounds for revoking your license to monitor othersconsume hallucinogens. (e) OPTIONALLY: Federally designated "trip centers" may be present as an alternative option other than someone's own home to use hallucinogens in a safe, controlled environment OR these centers may be the only designated place to consume hallucinogens. Much in the way certain countries have centers for Heroin users to get fresh supplies and dose in a controlled environment. (f) Growingsynthesizing legalized hallucinogens for personal use would be legal with certain restrictions. Depending on the type of plant you are growing you would be limited to X number of plantsmushroomsetc. In terms of chemicals the restrictions would probably be a bit more complex. Simply because you are mixing together potentially dangerous compounds, and that's just if the component chemicals are readily available for consumer purchase. The personal synthesis of certain (all?) synthetic hallucinogens may be outright banned to the average citizen due to the complexitiesdangers involved. Though this could be gotten around with a basic competency test that demonstrates your knowledge of chemistry. More on that in the next section. Falling outside of these restrictions though would be grounds for having your hallucinogen consumptionsober monitor rights revoked. While I realize that it would be difficult to catch people who do choose to break these laws, the law itself would serve as a deterrent. Those who do break the law would have to be apprehended and convicted like, say, if you were brewing moonshine in the backwoods. It's not perfect, but it beats a complicated police state barging into your house all the time to check up on your personal grow oplab. (g) Selling legalized hallucinogens would have it's own set of separate regulations. You'd need to have a license, renewable on a yearly basis, with we local government you have. This way it can be known who is growingsynthing for purposes of Quality ControlRegulation. The FDA and other appropriate government bodies would be responsible for the regulation of fooddrug safety (eg - you aren't growing psilocybin mushrooms in mix of U-235 and E Coli). Chemical synthesis would have much stricter regulations (as per (f much like your average pharmaceutical. Also synthetic hallucinogens would probably require a licensed "cook" who can properly obtain and synthesize the drugs. Taxes would obviously be in effect at any point in the supply chain of growingselling the drugs themselves. If taxes (if any) are kept low enough the market would theoretically shift away from black market sources to reliable vetted sources that are still in the "white" market. This regulation should encourage a handful of things: -Decreaseelimination of black market sources -Increase in quality of sold drugs -Increase in consumer choice on what drugs they buy (ie - contains 6 psychoactive compound, 12 psychoactive compound, etc) -Source of tax revenue FULL DISCLOSURE: I have never consumed or been under the influence of any hallucinogenic drugs. Written from the perspective of a United States citizen. CMV? EDIT 1: Clarifying usage of licensed hallucinogen user and sober monitor. (b) EDIT 2: Added section (f), stating ideas for regulating personal grow-opslabs and (g) the business of selling legalized hallucinogens. (Apologies for the slow responses, working during the day:D)