There are many tragedies that happen almost every single day. There are robberies, shootings, kidnappings, you name it. These can be difficult for the average mind to try and comprehend. People get outraged. But what happens when a group of people when they are outraged? Look at pretty much any cartoon or show; mobs form, complete with pitchforks and torches chanting and picket signs. 'Kill the beast! Kill the beast!' Who is the beast, though? This mob needs someone to blame; it has to be someone's fault. Sadly, being here in America, this is a very common problem and one too big to discuss here. This said, people do want to hold someone responsible: there's the one who did the crime, but that doesn't seem to be enough. Why did that person do this terrible crime? Could it be that she was mentally unstable? That can be enough either, for then how could we, as a society, find a suitable punishment for that? There's always the manufacturer of the weapon that she used. But there's already a mob for that being argued, and these crimes are still happening. Wait, what's that? There's evidence that the person who committed this horrible crime was into video games? That has to be the reason why she did that! It makes sense! All those violent images and scenarios with all the killing must have made himher bring that into the real world! It's not as if people can tell the difference between the thin line from fantasy and reality. We, as a society, need to make sure we put a stop to the making or selling of these video games. It's too much to ask people to hold themselves accountable for their own actions; heaven knows how many people would go out and shoot and kill and maim if somebody didn't come down, say, from the government, and tell us what to buy or what to do to make sure this never happens. I find this sad, as an individual, that people out there think like this today, and I think this because I'm sick of people thinking they can blame someone or something else; I believe that people should have the ability and decency to take personal responsibility for their actions. People who do these terrible things are either mentally unstable or they made the conscience choice to go do those things; not because they play violent video games and saw the violence on said games, but because they, themselves, made that choice. There is a long history of how violent video games impacted society and how it was presented to the public. An early example is 'Death Race', which came out in 1976. Even with the terrible graphics, it could be seen that when the player ran over little 'gremlins', a tombstone would appear. This brought attention from the National Safety Council, and in a review, called it 'morbid'. It then appeared on '60 Minutes' due to this on its segment of violent video games. And then there is the ever classic game 'Mortal Kombat' which was released in 1992. For those of you unaware of this game, it's a simple layout of two characters fighting each other. Added with a lot of gore, blood splattering, organs being ripped out, acid dribbling out of said organs. This, shock and surprise, helped create ESRB (the Entertainment Software Rating Board) which is loved and known by parents today. Another go-to game known for its violence is 'Doom.' Popular enough to get some sequels and a movie after this game, it was good enough to bring in popularity for first-person shooters. With chainsaws and amazing graphics (for the time anyways) shown upfront and personal with this vantage point, it was enough to get attention that, during the 1999 shooting in Columbine High School, when brought to light that the students who did this played Doom, this was what made the controversy. The last game I'm going to go into some depth in is another game that is widely known to be controversial and a leading example that people use in the argument that there's too much violence in video games: 'Grand Theft Auto.' Even though the first in the series was launched in 1997, it wasn't until the third one, which was when the graphics improved greatly, that people really gave complaints. Known for its graphic portrayal of running over pedestrians and killing hookers, there were many lawsuits against this gaming line, starting with a family who was shot at in 2003, and is still the topic of many arguments about whether or not we should censor violence in video games today. These games, and more, led to the creation of the ESRB. This organization is similar to the rating system that is used for rating movies, starting at EC for early childhood and ranging up to AO for adults only. However, these are just suggestions that retailers use today. Most places only sell M (mature) rated games to those with photo identification and don't even sell AO rated games. This is on the retailer's decision. This isn't something that is legally pushed down the store's throat. It was made to gauge what type and how much violence or other things like sex were in a video game to determine whether one bought and played the game. It's similar to the warning labels on products that take away responsibility from the manufacturers and give it then to the customer and consumer. It has been argued that the ESRB isn't completely accurate in the ratings given to games with the biggest complaint against 'Grand Theft Auto'. However, this was dismissed due to the claims from the National Institute on Media and the Family being "on flawed research and ignore[d] any and all conflicting evidence.... impose[d] its own narrow values and morality on the rest of the country," (ESRB). This is the sort of thinking that has been at the forefront of the argument against selling and producing games with violence in them. The ESRB is just a self-regulating organization, and it can't even legally enforce these ratings. It's up to the consumer to be aware of what she is buying. Just because the general rating doesn't fit someone's own moral compass doesn't mean that the entire system is flawed. If someone knows she gets offended by something as little as a bra strap showing, then she needs to keep that in consideration to what she buys, watches, plays, you name it. The big debate over whether or not the government should step in and put restrictions on gaming companies and make it so they cannot sell and distribute games with any violence was introduced to the U.S. Supreme Court in 2011 in the bill Brown v. Entertainment Merchant's Association. It was not passed, with the vote being 7-2. There were those who were upset by this outcome, and many branded this with titles such as "U.S. Supreme Court Puts Corporate Interests Before Protecting Kids" and claiming that the seven judges "put corporate America first." In an [article] published by Psychology Today, it put as an update to the bill e]very major national medical association... has concluded that exposure to violent video games cause an increase in aggressive behavior," however, there are many other studies that suggest this is not the case, and some that even say the opposite. In a [study] done by Christopher Ferguson from Stetson University and Cheryl Olson, the author of Grand Theft Childhood, showed that these violent games were not 'triggers' and didn't nurture aggressive and bullying like behavior. And the children that they worked with in this study were troubled teens with "clinically elevated attention deficit or depressive symptoms," which some people would think would be the type of kids a parent would be worried about playing violent games such as 'Mortal Kombat' and 'Grand Theft Auto.' It was also stated in an [article] by The Escapist by Brad Bushman, a professor of Communication and Psychology at Ohio State University that "video games cannot be the sole factor driving violent actions..." and in the same article, Ferguson stated that linking violent games to aggression is flawed and inconsistent. This being said, I believe that the Supreme Court made the correct decision to keep the making, producing, and selling of video games under the Constitution. The people who wanted this to pass were right to want to protect the children of our society. However, this isn't the way to go about it. If we were to bring in the government to step in to tell us what we can and cannot not buy, that would be on the same page of the government telling us what we can and cannot say, which people are rightfully against. So where is that same outrage? Protecting the children is indeed important, so the parents and guardians need to step in. It's then a decision within the household that needs to be made. Parents raise their children, and if the parents don't think their child can understand that the game is a piece of fiction and make the difference from the real world, then it's the parent's job to either make sure the child can understand that simple fact, or not allow the child to play those certain, violent games. It's easy for many people to go on and say that parents need to raise their kids, and that it's a horror that in today's technology age, the television is used as a babysitter way to often and that kids are learning from the T.V and from the violent games that they play. In a way, that is what is happening, and I can see that it is difficult for parents to find the time to always look over their child's shoulder and make sure they are always doing appropriate things. There's not enough time, and of course there is such a thing as over-parenting. But there is always time to take to make sure that children understand basic things about what they are watching, playing, and reading. Show them the fictional side of the library and make sure they understand the difference from fantasy and reality. When starting your children out on video games, I can see why parents would be worried about the violence and other things shown. If the time is taken to make sure the kids can understand what is going on, what is acceptable behavior and what isn't, I think that plays a big part in a kid seeing violence on the T.V and bringing it into his or her actions in reality. The government can't step in and make the parents not worry about whether or not the kid is going to grow up violent just by stopping companies from making games with violence. There's violence almost all around us, and just putting a choke on production of games just hurts companies more than anything. There is ESRB to help with choices of what is a consumer thinks is appropriate, thus making it the consumer's responsibility to what a child is exposed to. It would be nice to hang a hat on one, evil, bad corporation. To say, "here's the one thing that causes violence," and then be able to cut it off of society and boom! Violence is forever gone, no longer able to corrupt the children of America. With that beautiful picture painted, I can see why people want to be able to blame video games for most of the shootings and other violence that is seen in the world. But the truth is, it's not the sole reason. There are mentally unstable people sprinkled around in the population. There are feelings of anger and jealousy and other ugly feelings that people act on. But it's a responsibility that parents have when raising a child to make sure the kid can tell the difference between good and bad, what is acceptable in public society, and how to understand that the fictitious games they play and shows they see on the television aren't real. I feel it sad that I need to remind people that no, video games don't make someone violent, but someone violent is someone violent. Bad people make bad decisions. These said people need to take personal responsibility. Just because we're American doesn't give us the right to do whatever we want with no regard to consequence. Stand up straight America; sleep in the bed you make, eat the porridge you make, and some other silly phrase that no one ever listens to anymore. Sources: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!