I can't tell you how many times I have heard people say "I wouldn't want to live past one hundred," and whenever they do the first thing that pops into my head is always this "why the fuck not?!" Edit: I want to clarify that I don't mean some magical immortality where you are preserved until the heat death of the universe, I mean an indefinite lifespan granted by very possible future advances in technology, something which might actually be around at some point. There are an amazing number of experiences in the world and most people never get to complete a fraction of them. Even people who are unburdened by financial constrains and can do whatever they want still never get to experience everything. To my mind a life without mortality would be ideal, you could experience as much as you wanted to, spend years doing one thing and be unburdened by the knowledge that every year you spend doing that is another year you could spend doing something else. Not only that, but the technological changes that one would experience would be amazing. Imagine if you experienced just the past 200 years of change, not only would you be confronted with a world far better than that of your birth, but you would be grateful for it like no one else. Classically there is the problem of loved ones dying while you go on living. Frankly I don't think this would be an issue for two reasons. a) I'm not thinking about this from a fantasy perspective, I'm thinking of it from the very real possibility that at some point human technology will progress to a point where we don't experience what we think of as dying. I'm not going to make any predictions about why right now, but given the ways in which human technology has and is advancing I think that it is certainly possible and maybe even probable. In a world like this everyone would be immortal. b) Even if one looks at it from the perspective of fiction where only one person is immortal, I think you can probably get over it. People die in real life too, real people are confronted with the deaths of loved ones all the time and manage to move on and keep living. I'm not trying to be heartless here, it's a terrible thing (another argument for immortality), but most people are able to live full lives even after massive tragedies. It seems obvious to me that given the chance everyone would want to become immortal, but I hear many people say, even after I tell them what I have written above, that they want to be mortal. Why? CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!