It is really rather hard to put this into words, but I'd love for you to change my mind. Basically I think the world is absolutely frightful. It is a soulless, loveless place. I'm only 15, and even though I'm a really privileged kid (middle class living in the first world) I still think the world is ugly at its core, for the following reasons. You pick up the newspaper, all you see is bad news. Yemen, mosque blown up, 137 dead. ISIS forcing girls into sexual slavery (imagine for a moment what these peoples' lives must be like). I see people in America who live in the ghetto and have such awful lives, and I think to myself there is no future for so many people. All the races and religions hate and kill each other. Even in school here in Europe, most people will go out of the way to be dicks to you. High school is a never-ending circlejerk of coolness and people bullying each other (and for what reason, I ask). However I see little point even in the lives of those who do have a future and make money. Even people like me who will probably live a successful life and have a job and whatnot, just die and get forgotten about after a few years. Everyone is causing so much trouble and strife on the world, which is really pointless if you think about it because we are so insignificant. We are just a bunch of molecules that happened to connect in the right way and now we can think about ourselves in the third person. We are infinitely small, a speck of dust that will last for a second on the cosmic scale. I really can't see a reason worth living. This doesn't mean I'll go out and kill myself, I'm just saying, I expect a boring, meaningless life, filled with people who hate me and one another. Really, the only time I personally am happy is when I'm high or asleep, because I'm away from the world, which is so low. Can you change my mind? How could anyone say the world is beautiful and mean it? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!