Some people choose to not eat meat because they disagree with the accumulation, storage, and production of meat. Animals are kept in cages hardly bigger than their bodies, sometimes stacked on top of each other, and are forcefully bred to produce more. It's no doubt that methods to satisfy the demand for meat are atrociously disgusting. Unfortunately, choosing to not eat meat does not realistically make a difference nor does it completely accomplish what you are actually aiming to achieve via vegetarianism. If you decide to not eat animals so that (hopefully) less farm animals are subject to such horrible conditions, you are ignoring the bigger picture. Animals are mass produced for a variety of reasons, not only for human consumption. Animals are used for [fur] , [held in captivity for entertainment] , animal feed (like feeder mice and fish), and are mass produced as pets. If you choose to not eat meat, you must also agree that you should not own a pet from a pet store because this means the animal was bred in a mill of mass production. This does allow you to purchase a dog from a reasonably adequate breeder, however don't think that you can feed them 90 of dog foods that are in the store. The meat in the kibble comes from the same places our meat comes from. Admittedly, I'll mention that there are vegetarian dog foods, however, I would not be willing to say that it's a particularly healthy diet for an omnivorous dog. So you do run into a bit of a dilemma when deciding what you want to feed your dog. This does however lead to an interesting, but admittedly outlandish, next point. If you choose to avoid things that are derived from the cruel treatment of living things, then you could also make a similar argument pertaining to plants. I'll state now that obviously we as humans, unable to make our own food from the sun, could not realistically survive without the consumption of plants AND animals, but the argument does seem as if it could pertain to plants as well. Given that we are not talking about plants, instead, only animals then we must focus on ALL animals. The way we treat ALL animals are simply ignored by vegetarians. This is because animals generally have no rights. We have pesticides that protect our crops. We have exterminators that remove vermin from our houses. Animals are hunted, sometimes for better reasons than others. And then there's also animal testing (which I feel is for the greater good), yet does unavoidably lead to the suffering of animals. The thing we are ultimately trying to avoid. Vegetarianism is not completely useless, only mostly. To speak realistically about the world: a small percentage of newfound vegetarians does not impact the specific industry nor the whole picture all together. Even a quite large number would not change the world. Animals will be used for food even if no humans eat it. Animals will be mistreated, big and small. They are utilized by humans in such ways that achieves us the most comfortable life possible. To become a vegetarian does little that will change the overall treatment animals. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!