I feel the argument that somebody "is just doing his job" should no longer hold any validity. It is wholly unpersuasive and works only to kill a discussion. Doing a job is not neutral; you represent your employer and function within a system to maintain that system. . I'm saying that not the person is wrong, but that the job in itself can be wrong, and that, therefore, "doing his job" cannot justify somebody's actions. I find it appalling that this argument allows individuals to mindlessly follow a set of directions, policies, and commands. You sell your time and labor for a job, but you should never sell your morality or private thoughts. To clarify, what I'm thinking about here is not making a person's job impossible, it is not to stop policing. Nobody likes it when a jerk is just being jerk. This argument seems to be used most frequently when police officers are criticized. What I'm talking about is indiscriminate violence while kettling or in a mounted police charge, the use of tear gas, tasers, or pepper spray. I'm talking about helpdesk employees whose job it is not to help people, but to make sure they hang up and don't call back. Helpdesk employees are used solely to shield those responsible for the real operations from criticism and responsibility, and become part of a system which removes accountability by the set of instructions they are forced to follow. It has come to a point where, when an employee sees a legitimate problem, he can't even reach those who have the power to change the policy (that was my personal experience as helpdesk employee). I'm not saying that all actions by employees are wrong. And I'm sorry I single out 2 professions, but they are most illustrative. Also, not every action of a police officer or helpdesk agent can (nor should) be analyzed this way. I'm simply saying that there's a limit to what "doing your job" can justify ethically, even when one is doing his or her job to the letter of the law and according to every policy guideline drawn up. Change My View