The Union and the Confederacy both have different reasons for the war. The South seceded from the Union due to the rights of states, namely in regard to slavery (multiple states mention slavery as the primary reason for secession, so it's wrong to say that the south didn't fight for slavery). I consider this wrong because slavery is a morally corrupt institution, and should have been phased out and abolished. However, the Union's primary reason for fighting was to not let the southern states secede (not to end slavery, as is commonly believed). It could be considered "necessary" to the Union's self interest in two ways: first, it was a major factor of the economy, and second, it sets a precedent that states can leave the Union. However (and I think this is the view that most people wouldn't agree on), I think that despite the self-interests of the Union, people have a right to self-determination. The people of the south, though morally abhorrent in regards to slavery, have a right to decide whether they wish to be part of a country and abide by a country's laws. The fact that assemblies of democratically elected representatives voted to leave the Union should have been respected, in much the same way that people today should have the right to govern themselves. This extends to the Texas v. White case. The end of the case resulted in the Supreme Court declaring secession illegal. However, I think that a governing body (state or territory, such as Puerto Rico or the US Virgin Islands) should be allowed to secede if a referendum passes. Just because the people who lived in a state 250 years ago agreed to join the Union does not mean the people who live there now should be obligated to be part of the Union. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!