I love social media but since I have limited time to follow it all and still live a life, r4chan and rtumblr are my main method of keeping abreast of trends and such. As you may or may not know, Pepe has gone mainstream much to the dismay of many 4chan users who hate that "normies" have gotten a hold of their favorite frog. The main point of Pepe is that he was a character and if someone wanted to use him properly, they would put some effort into crafting their own version (leading to the rare Pepe market, I'm on mobile so look it up if you need to). Pepe ended up on twitter, eBay, and from there the gates were open (if someone has a better history please share and be cool with the fact that I have other things to follow aside from the rise and fall of memes). As a result, 4chan users have started to try to craft a TFW replacement meme, which, IMO is doomed to Pepification. SO: I think 4chan users should start embracing the fact that their flagship meme has gone main stream for the following reasons: 1- straight up be proud of your work and the versatility it has. It is ridiculously hard to craft an iconsymbol that speaks so universally to "TFW," and to do so is something worth being proud of. Just ask Bruce Wayne, or Nike. 2- " Normie" culture is being pushed to a less "normie" state. Pepe is wonderful because while the basic form stays the same, a great Pepe requires that someone put effort and emotion into it. The truly great Pepe's are legitimate and unique works of art accompanied by equally good writing. Be proud of that. 3- 4chan has billions of threads and millions of users, to think it would stay put is just silly. The meme-ification of pop culture is due to the success (kid) of the platform and railing against it going mainstream is to root against your own forum. 4- Like any culture, the best parts are bound to escape and spread because they appeal to basic parts of the human condition. Animals are a great stand in because they allow us to access those parts of pur psyche shame free. Pepe is a wonderful example, like Hobbes from Calvin and Hobbes, or Garfield the cat, or Bugs Bunny.