I believe that the sorting of comments is improved when people downvote almost as frequently as they upvote. We are all familiar with the phenomenon of late posts getting buried and early posts remaining at the top of the thread. This phenomenon is the direct result of the fact that most people only read the first few comments in a thread combined with the fact that people tend to upvote significantly more than they downvote. Let me use a hypothetical example to explain my point. Imagine there is a 5 hour old thread with 100 comments in it and the top five comments are all mediocre comments that 50 of people who read them upvote. Then someone posts an extremely high quality comment that over 90 of people who read it upvote. This comment starts with 1 upvote so it is at position 70 or so out of the 100 comments. So after a couple hours 1000 people view the comments, 100 of them view the first five comments and only about 2 of them view the 70th comment. So the top five mediocre comments would get upvotes from 50 of the 1000 people (500 upvotes) and the amazing post at position 70 would get upvotes form 90 of the people who read it (18 upvotes). I hope this illustrates how, in a world where people only use upvotes and not downvotes, top posts will tend to remain at the top even if they are only moderately good comments while great comments that are posted late will tend to remain near the middle or bottom (unless they are linked to by rbestof or something). I think we can all agree that it is more desirable to have comments sorted by perceived quality than by some other arbitrary method (how early you posted). If instead of only using upvotes, people used downvotes just as frequently, this problem is greatly improved. In the same example as before let's assume that everyone votes, up or down, on every post they read. So instead of just not upvoting the posts that they feel don't deserve an upvote, they downvote it. In this situation, 50 of people would upvote the top five posts and 50 of people would downvote them, so even though only 2 of people actually go down the list to read the high quality 70th post, its upvote count will still rise faster than the top five mediocre posts. I believe that in a subreddit such as rCMV you should not downvote opinions just because you disagree with them, but I also think that you shouldn't upvote comments just because you agree with them for the same reason. You should upvote comments that you feel are of high quality and downvote comments you feel are of low quality. We want the comments to be sorted from best to worst so that when someone visits a thread they will be confronted with the most compelling arguments first. So that is why I think it is misguided for the mods of rCMV to encourage people to not downvote posts in general. I totally support them asking people to not vote just based on whether they agree or disagree with someone, but I think people should vote both up and down based on how compelling they feel the argument is. I'm going to preempt a few concerns here: 1) Downvoting discourages people from voicing unpopular opinions. First off, I don't think you should downvote an opinion for being unpopular, but only if you think it is a bad argument (i.e. it is a logical fallacy or it makes some assertions that are objectively wrong, like if they claimed that we shouldn't invade Iran because it's in South America). Secondly, I think it's more important to sort comments properly than to worry about people's feelings getting hurt from negative karma. I think if you are avoiding posting things because you are worried about a negative karma score, that is pretty ridiculous. 2) Even if most people think a comment is low quality, that doesn't mean everyone will think so. By downvoting comments that the majority of people find low quality, you are making it less likely that someone who might find it compelling will see it. You could make the same argument against sorting it by upvotes only. "Just because the majority of people consider a post to be high quality doesn't mean everyone will and by allowing the highest upvoted comments to rise to the top you are pushing the less popular posts to the bottom making them less likely to be seen by someone who isn't convinced by the popular arguments." I think if you want to make this argument, you can't just make it against downvotes, but against sorting by perceived quality in general. 3) If people downvote OP's comments, heshe won't get as many responses so it will be harder to change their view. I agree 100 with this and you should never downvote OP's comments in their own thread. But if you aren't the OP, then I think it is better to address the most compelling arguments. 4) It is better to report arguments that break the rules than to downvote them. I am not talking about comments that violate the rules. I am talking about totally legitimate comments that address the topic with real questions and concerns. But if there are a lot of really great comments, they should be sorted in a logical way with the best comments first and the worst comments last. Yes, you should report any comments that violate the rules. Other than that, you should upvote comments you find especially good and downvote comments you find especially bad. Maybe there are two comments making the same point but one does so with referenced sources and the other does so without sources and in a confusing or arrogant way. So upvote the better one and downvote the worse one even though neither of them needs to be reported. EDIT: I'd also like to add that I don't think there is really any value in downvoting people into the negatives unless they are trolling. I can see how that would be disheartening to people trying to contribute while not really adding anything to the sorting. I would suggest that people down't downvote comments that are made in good faith that are already at 0. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!