I was born and raised in America. I went to public schools and was taught about the great history of our country. I've learned of our exploit, our shining moments, and our past. I was a strong patriot for virtually my entire life. I am not a patriot anymore. Over the past several years, I've realized that, to my disappointment, this country disgusts me. Its history, as I've learned, is racist, sexist, anti-democratic, and corrupt. The system now is, save for the racism and sexismwhich have improved greatly, but are still somewhat present, very much the same. We run propaganda campaigns comparing Russia to Nazi Germany, we parade around the world with our military like we own the place, and our politics back home are corrupt, anti-Constitutional, counterproductive, or so egotistical that they're completely useless due to the gridlock. We beat our chests that we're the best country in the world, when, statistically, we are not. The drooling masses go driving around in their big pickup trucks because they're living in denial of scientific fact, the dimwits in our legislature either don't know what they're voting on, don't care what they're voting on, or simply line their pockets and vote based on that. Did I mention we live in a closed, two party system that shows no hope of changing and represents virtually nobody's views? Our economy is flawed, dangerous, and corrupt. Its unregulated influence has allowed national corporations to dictate what local governments can do, there is no inspiration for companies to do anything but make money, and they've funded a political party so heavily that "tax" may as well be one of the words that gets bleeped out. It's like we're a nation in denial of our own history. People here believe that America can do no wrong and that we should go galloping around with our apparently Christian Airforce and bomb every turrurist on Earth. We've decimated democratic governments out of paranoia, set up dictatorships that we later went to war with, and put ourselves in debt pointing missiles at an enemy that wanted nothing to do with us. The next problem is that people are resistant to change. This and that are communistthough they almost never know what that word even means, this and that are the exact same as Hitler, and we're so mindblowingly simple minded that we deny numbers just to keep our identity, our money, and the idiotic ways that we are used to. Reddit, I am not a patriot, but I envy those who are. I want to join them again and be happy for the country that I live in, but I'm not going to lie to myself. Though I would never do anything to harm, impede, or destroy it, I fucking hate it. Sorry for the disorganized rant. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!