If you're not familiar with these events, you can read a brief description about them[ here] . I believe that Lincoln Douglas debate (hereafter LD) is better than Policy (hereafter CX) due to the framework which guides the debate. In LD, debaters are expected to filter their arguments through a Value-Criterion framework. The Value describes the internal principles which guide a decision, while the Criterion describes a weighing metric to better understand the value. So, If I want to make the case that V8 is better than Coca-Cola, I could start with a value of health and criterion of good nutrition. With this kind of framework I clearly illustrate the principles that guide my position (health) and set a weighing metric to determine which beverage provides a better health benefit (nutrition). Whichever beverage better achieves the value of health by maximizing good nutrition is the superior drink. LD also offers a way for students to oppose the instigator's Value-Criterion Premise. If I don't feel like an opponent's framework is inclusive for me, I could offer an alternative Value-Criterion (let's say V:Cost Cr:Financial Stability). Instead of saying 'yeah we'll focus on health', I could say 'no let's focus on price'. Then I could offer a value of cost and a criterion of personal finance. LD doesn't just provide students with a forum for individual debate, it provides a format which establishes clear guidelines and weighing metrics for discussion. If we can't agree on a value-Criterion premise, we can discuss which values are superior and should guide the discussion before beginning the debate proper. And while Policy debate has it's own internal framework The Stock Issues] , these are usually dependent on how the judge chooses to understand them. While one judge may Tabula Rasa (a blank slate), another may choose to interpret the arguments as though the debaters were really attempting to change public policy (Policymaker). The framework is ultimately left in the hands of the judges instead of the debaters. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!