In this, I am particularly looking at two recent cases where a separation referendum has been or will be brought to voters: Scotland and Quebec. My point centers around the idea that federalism or devolution provides a sufficient avenue for local control of local matters, and that as long as national parties seek and obtain support within the jurisdiction of the area to secede, there is not a strong case that the people there are failing to be represented at the national level. In the case of Quebec, the Liberals, Conservatives and NDP all actively seek (and often win) seats in Quebec ridings. Many prime ministers hail from Quebec, including both Liberals (lots) and Conservatives (Mulroney - but they've also not had a lot of PMs) The current Liberal and NDP leaders hail from Quebec ridings. In the case of Scotland (which I am admittedly not as familiar with, not having lived there), the national parties do campaign there, and while the Conservatives haven't had a lot of success there to put it charitably, there doesn't seem to be the kind of evidence of regional balkanization one would see if Scottish interests were truly divergent from those of the rest of the UK. Of course there are long histories as to how both Quebec and Scotland came to be a part of the UK and Canada respectively, but where, as here, citizens in Quebec and Scotland have meaningful representation in national parties, are accorded representation proportionate to their population, and are fully equal under the law to all other citizens, I don't see the case for carving out new nation-states. All borders are artifacts of history, many of those histories full of evil. But when a country is free and democratic, and where there are strong local institutions with broad capacity to deal with local problems, I don't see the case for carving up borders. So to CMV, I want a good reason why a country with the following would be better off splitting in two: 1. National parties compete meaningfully and represent districts from the area to secede. 2. Local government which has meaningful authority over a broad range of areas (obv not all areas like foreign policy). 3. Free, fair and democratic elections. 4. Fully equal status under the law for all people from the region to secede as compared to all other people in the country. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!