So basically, I used to be quite idealistic and politically active. I was quite left-wing and believed that the government could solve inequality in society if it really wanted to. I used to go to protests and be part of political campaigns because I thought that somehow the people could work together to improve society. I admired the civil rights, LGBT and feminist movements for actually making a difference and thought we could use similar tactics to fix everything else. But over time, I've come to realize that the problems in the world are much more complicated than I first imagined and that there is nothing anyone can realistically do to fix it. We can't deal with inequality because corporate interests are too powerful now, especially now that they can move their money across the world much easier than ever before. How can we have proper welfare states if no one is going to invest in a country with high tax? We can't deal with gender inequality because it is so deeply entrenched, "feminism" has become a bad word and even feminists are disagreeing amongst themselves over what to do. Internet censorship is increasing, we're being spied on more than ever before, our prison systems are messed up, politics has become so partisan and middle-ground because now states can't do anything that would upset the market, our economy is vulnerable to massive slumps that destroy people's jobs and these are just the problems in the Western world. Oh, and global warming and environmental disaster is on the way and there's nothing we can do because of capitalism. Worse still, I can't get passionate for any single cause because of all these other problems. Lets say I start getting really passionate for environmentalism and campaign to solve the problem. Even if I could make a difference, the rest of the world is still so messed up it is not even worth saving. And now I'm in a position where I just want to enjoy my privileged position in society and I am too fatigued to do anything to help others. Everyone else seems to be apathetic and so there seems to be no point in me actually doing anything. In fact, me learning about this issues and getting passionate about them will hurt me more than being completely apathetic. If I really believed that anything I did could make a real difference to the world, like going to a protest or campaigning for a cause, I would do it. And I recognize that there are little things people can do to improve the world and I respect them. But the world is so messed up in so many different ways that I just don't see a point in trying to fix it. Leave it to the next generations to suffer and don't bother having any kids. Please CMV. I hate believing this. TL;DR Protests and campaigns cannot fix this truly messed up world. Might as well just enjoy my privilege and not care about anyone else. Apathy and childlessness is the best way to protect yourself from a messed up world.