A common view states that Western nations exploit poorer countries in several ways, that colonization had a huge negative impact on the colonized countries and that it is one of the reasons why many of them are still poor today. However, it is my view that all the negative consequences that contact with Western nation has brought to non-Western countries are far outweighed by the positive consequences. I think that most people alive today live far better lives than their ancestors a few generations ago did, by any standard. And I think this is mostly due to developments that originated in Europe and the United States. Here are some examples of things that were spread throughout the world by Western countries and that have had a huge positive impact on most people's lives: - Advances in medicine: Antibiotics and immunization have dramatically reduced child mortality, prevented a lot of suffering and saved hundreds of millions of lives, to name just two examples. They were mostly developed in Western countries. - Technology in general: Just think of advances in agriculture that allows us to feed so many people today, various infrastructure related technologies or simply electricity. Things we often take for granted, but which are a cornerstone of our lives, and are cherished all around the world. Also mostly developed and spread by the West. - Ideals of the Enlightenment: Just think of freedom of speech, democracy, animal welfare, gay rights and equal opportunities for women. Some of these things may have been common in some countries before they came in contact with the West, but they were far less common than they are today. These are also ideals and values that mostly originated in and were spread by Western countries. The list could go on and on. In summary, I think most people alive today live longer, better, healthier lives than just one or two centuries ago, and that is mostly due to developments that originated in Western countries. Even today a large fraction of technological advances that all nations benefit from are developed in Western countries. I therefore think it is completely misguided to only highlight the negative effects that Western nations had on other countries. One common response is that we don't actually live better lives today than we did in the past. I think this view is mostly based on a naive romanticization of what live in past centuries was like. Another common response is that the developments of Western nations which I mentioned heavily relied on exploitation of other countries. I don't think evidence supports this, as many of these developments were made before significant amounts of resources were imported into Western nations, or these development simply didn't rely on imported resources.