In the spirit of full disclosure, I will announce at the start of this post that I am a white male, who has had (admittedly) a healthy amount of privilege I love moments in my life in which my beliefs are challenged (thus the reason I love this sub), but a friend on Facebook recently posted this quote (from Scott Woods) which set me on a personal moral confusion spiral: Racism is a complex system of social and political levers and pulleys set up generations ago to continue working on the behalf of some, at the expense of others. Racism is an insidious cultural disease. It is so insidious that it doesn't care if you are a white person who likes black people; it's still going to find a way to infect how you deal with people who don't look like you. Yes, racism looks like hate, but hate is just one manifestation. Privilege is another. Access is another. Ignorance is another. Apathy is another. And so on. So while I agree with people who say no one is born racist, it remains a powerful system that we're immediately born into. It's like being born into air: you take it in as soon as you breathe. It's not a cold that you can get over. There is no anti-racist certification class. It's a set of socioeconomic traps and cultural values that are fired up every time we interact with the world. It is a thing you have to keep scooping out of the boat of your life to keep from drowning in it. Now, I completely agree that racism is a highly complex issue, and the elimination of racism means far more than the elimination of personal prejudice, it involves the elimination of centuries of socio-economic, political and cultural mechanisms that benefit some to the detriment of others. But I find myself having trouble internalizing that racism is "like being born in to air," and that "it's not a cold [I] can get over." Yes, I have been born in to a culture that is racist - there is no denying this. But, to me, scooping the water out of the boat of my otherwise unconscious prejudice is what I believe makes me deserving of being able to say I'm not racist. I don't agree than no matter what I do, I'm a racist, and my only choice is to keep chipping away, all the while merely accepting that when I step outside I'll be firing up the cultural machine of racism I swim in. I believe there is "anti-racism certification," and it manifests itself in beliefs and actions that demonstrate the absence of prejudice. I whole-heartedly believe that all human beings are born equal. In fact, I don't really believe in the idea of race. Obviously I understand that it exists as a social construct, but I believe that anyone who understand what DNA is, how genetic mutation works, and how little we differ from any other member of our species should laugh at the idea of race. I try to act every day in a way that rejects prejudice, and shows a love and respect for all humanity, regardless of gender, race, etc.. I have no doubt found myself struggling against engrained social and cultural mechanisms that would persuade me otherwise, were I to give in to them unconsciously, but I believe the fact that I think about this, and struggle with my beliefs and my actions and how they contribute to the disease of racism around me, and actively change when confronted with the fact that what I believe is wrong, should grant me the privilege of being able to say that I am not a racist, and the suggestion that I am, without any hope of changing that, upsets me very much. Is there something I'm not understanding about this argument? Am I just straight up wrong about this?