(Note to Mods: I searched and saw a CMV post about Anarchy that was similar to this, but it was a bit old and didn't feel like it was all that satisfying. I wanted to give Anarchy another shot at convincing me) I have a lot of friends that are self proclaimed Anarchists. Ignoring the fact that these guys' lives are completely bought and paid for by "the state" (we're military brats), and live quite well because of it, I simply cannot take them seriously. The way I see it, if you successfully make an "Anarchist" society, people are going to organize themselves eventually and make some sort of "statist" society (ex: Rome falling and europe going all feudal instead of "embracing Anarchy. Anytime I hear an argument from these guys that there is a "system" to Anarchy with "rules" that people will "enforce" seems hypocritical. If you do stuff like that, it's not an Anarchy! Also, the argument that it's supposed to be a "true capitalism" seems ludicrous . If you don't have anything to regulate the markets, it just becomes one big monopoly. You replaced the state with a company now. Also, how the hell is a "capitalism" going to work in a modern world without fiat money, which only has worth because the establishment that printed it says it does. Alright, I get it. These guys are an-caps It seems to me that Anarchists are people who want to live in this happy go lucky world that is not only impractical, but is just outright impossible. In the end, they just seem like drugged up arrogant hypocrites that have no idea how things (and people) work. CMV reddit. Give these Anarchists a good argument that I can take seriously. THERE, I FIXED IT EDITUPDATE STUFF: Thanks guys. There are a lot of great arguments here. I didn't fully get what Anarchy itself actually was, and you guys helped me understand it a lot better. I normally make it a point to understand both sides of an argument, but I could never get myself to understand this one. But by all means, don't stop trying to convince me