I believe that college education should not be free. Money, for any government, is a scarce resource with huge opportunity loss. And generally, most of a countries' money comes from taxes. By definition, taxes are money taken with violence or its threat. Now I'm not saying taxes should not be taken; a country would descend into anarchy that way. I'm saying we should spend them wisely, and not on your communications degree. We should leave paying for college to the free market. That way, there will be much less waste of resources when it comes to degrees, and less waste is what a nation needs. There is obviously a case for some subsidization, but the notion that all degrees should be free is absurd to say the least. Most jobs that actually make progress in a society are rewarded heavily by the free market. If someone has to take a 100,000 loan for engineering degree, their education is basically free because they eventually make back that money. Or a doctor makes back the money he puts in on his education. There is no need for most actually useful educational degrees to be free. The market fixes for that. There are children dying every day because they don't have food. Why not spend the money on that was going to be spent on someone's gender studies degree on that kid's life? Why not spend the money on decaying infrastructure? Or why not give tax breaks to the middle class so the economy gets a boost? Why should it go to your English literature degree? Why should the society spend money on an education that doesn't benefit it? The counter argument to this that I always is that some careers aren't rewarded by the free market proportional to how much they help society. Ok, so why shouldn't we only subsidize the majors that we need more people in rather than all majors including a pottery major. Why is it politicly incorrect to be honest and say "your education isn't worth another person's life"? Please CMV Thanks Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!