I've been seeing the idea put forward that the fact that one person was able to kill multiple people with a knife, car, and gun (all of which were legally obtained) is proof that gun control legislation is useless. Contrarily, I believe that this is an example of a murderous rampage mitigated in effect by gun control regulation. Any gun regulations that don't prohibit firearms entirely can't be said to aim to eliminate all spree killers, because there are no fool-proof indicators of a person who's going to go crazy and start killing people. Indeed, laws shouldn't be expected to prevent all people from breaking them; 100 compliance is an unrealistic goal. However, laws can make certain actions more difficult to undertake, or hinder the effectiveness of people seeking to break other laws. Explicitly, I am arguing that gun control can hinder the ability of individual crazy people to kill as many people as they want to, and did so in this case. In this case, the killer used three semi-automatic pistols and multiple 10 round magazines in drive-by shootings. If he had been able to legally obtain larger magazines (or another weapon that might be considered more effective for a variety of reasons) it's not unreasonable to think he likely would have been able to kill a larger number of people with that tactic. Certainly, it's possible to obtain firearms that violate California's laws in California, but not as easily. Indeed, the act of doing so could also have increased the odds of him being caught beforehand, and ultimately he decided not to. It is also true that this guy also attacked people with knives and his car. These are methods of violence that would be unreasonable to try to reduce through legislated restrictions on sharp objects or modes of transportation. This does not have any bearing on the reduced effectiveness of spree killers not armed with higher capacity (or otherwise more dangerous) firearms. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!