I'm talking about the type of condemnation voiced consistently by certain users of rpolitics, certain members of OWS, and [Gawker's Hamilton Nolan] . It is a viewpoint I will paraphrase roughly as follows: The mere fact that we live in a system where some people can amass vastly more money than others is, itself, immoral; if you do amass wealth under this system, you are quite arguably a bad person. Hedge fund managers are sitting around spending tens of millions of on embalmed sharks...don't they know that a tiny fraction of their daily earnings would make a huge difference in others' lives? Would be enough to pay off the average redditor's student loans, for example? Every time I've heard this shitty argument, I've heard it from activists or internet commenters who hail from the middle- (or, perhaps, working-class) tier of an advanced Western economy. Here's the thing, though: you, too, have vastly more resources than most people worldwide. If you could save 100 by not upgrading your smartphone, by walking home in the rain instead of taking a cab, by eating lentils or beans for a few weeks or by foregoing that new item of clothing you wanted, you could donate that 100 to save the lives of dozens of kids who would otherwise die of Malaria. Is your comfort, convenience and entertainment more important than other peoples' lives? And, btw, I will not tolerate deflections to the effect of: "but charities might not use the money responsibly; charitable donations could have negative effects on local industry in the long run..." As a premise of this CMV, we must stipulate that if wealth could be redistributed, that redistribution would, indeed, benefit the recipients. We must further stipulate that if the average American wanted to donate in a genuinely-beneficial manner towards a worthy cause, he'd be able to do so. I don't think these are crazy assumptions to make. So, my view is that people who rail against "the rich," purely on the ground that they're rich, are hypocrites for overlooking their own relative economic standing in the world. If they believe others' wealth should be redistributed to curb inequality, they are hypocrites for not redistributing their own wealth to curb inequality. Now, I don't donate much to charity. But nor do I regard people richer than me as innately evil human beings. I can acknowledge the preference revealed by my decision-making, which is: I'd rather upgrade to business class than save 500 lives in a developing country. For this reason, if some billionaire would rather upgrade his yacht than dissolve all his assets to promote communism, I don't really blame him. It seems quite a few people disagree with me, so I'm curious to see if anyone can CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!