So after the recent 'feminism vs tropes' debacle, I recently started researching the more modern feminism movement. Now previously I would have called myself a feminist (And by the dictionary definition, still am), and my initial ideas on the movement include personal heroes like the suffragettes movement, or even FEMEN in the middle east (While I disagree with the way they are doing things, what they are trying to do is highly respected by myself). However issues like donglegate led me look further into the movement. Now my research started with anti-feminist areas of note, MRA's, etc etc. While the movement itself has issues (Ironically the same issues I later uncovered with Feminism.), I felt this was important in order to successfully build up a counter argument. When researching an area it's generally a good idea to build up opposing points of view, which then you can bring in a discussion. After you bring these up hopefully they will be countered, and you can make an equal opinion. Sadly this never happened, and even the more moderate feminist websites and ideals are straying far from equality or even empowerment of women in general, hurting both men and those they claim to aid. 1: There is no room for discourse. My main issue with this movement was the lack of space for discourse. I am a strong believer in the scientific method. You present your case, people present their opposing views, and the stronger argument gets taken more seriously. This is how theories like the big bang and evolution became the water tight staples of science. A devil's advocate is worth 20 echo chambers if you are interesting in making a solid argument that can stand up on its own. However, nowhere in the feminist world (rfeminism, femspire, etc etc) is there a place for such important discussion. In fact this post was originally posted (and deleted from) rAskFeminists where supposedly all questions and view points are welcome) Rather than attempting to combat my arguments, much like North Korea and the creationism movement, they instead seemed to be more focused on silencing them. The learning experience I was hoping to gain never appeared. Even when searching online, I couldn't find a single feminist debate that didn't devolve into claims of sexism and other name calling. 2: Their actions are hurting having actual meaningful talks about rape and other issues. Rape is a serious issue, along with DV. However throwing around false statistics like 1 in 3 women will be raped (Actual stats seem to be 120-110 of both genders) do nothing but to hurt the argument and turn the discussion less on the actual issues (The victims and how we can help them) and more on the incorrect statements. This attempt to make every female a 'victim of rape' by including things 99 of rational people of both genders wouldn't considered to be 'wrong' also dilutes the meaning of rape in the public opinion, splitting subconsciously in everyone's mind into 'real rape' (You know, rape rape etc etc), and 'fake rape' (Two people got drunk and had consensual sex, etc etc). Doing this is the equivalent of suggesting that all physical violence of any kind should be defined as 'Murder'. If you were to do that you'd also be diluting the stigma of Murder. Also the male slut shaming and automatic presumption of guilt in most of their campaigns Teach men not to rape, etc etc is sexist in of itself, ignoring the many male victims of rape (Also see 4 and 5) and being sexist as hell. Now I already know the counter argument to this 'We aren't saying ALL men, or even ONLY men do it, but we're focusing on that part, honestly.' At which point I call bullshit. If I was to make a ad campaign for: "Teach black people not to shove crack up their ass while robbing someone and eating fried chicken" No matter how much I try to say 'Oh I'm not saying all or only black people are doing this, but I want to focus only on that group', this campaign and line of thinking is still racist as hell. 3: The patriarchy might as well be replaced with 'Magic!' What most smart learned people seem to call 'Evolutionary affects on society' the feminist world seems to use this magical patriarchy that never seems to get explained. Sure they explain that it's a system where men have rigged all the systems because of privilege. But then seem to forget to explain where the hell this privilege came from? Did every man around the world all of a sudden at the same time just go 'I'm privileged!' (Without these individual cultures ever talking to one another?). And how the hell did this remain through periods of history where individual societies and cultures were being led by successful powerful strong Women (For instance Queen Mary - Queen Elizabeth in England). For such an idea to have any merit there'd need to be a 10,000 year old secret society of bigoted men pulling all the strings, but too stupid to remove all the negative effects of said patriarchy. Of course, conspiracy theories aside, it makes far more sense that evolutionarily speaking, having one sex focus on physical power, and the other to focus on ensuring the survival of offspring, is a good way to ensure the spread of genetic material, a trait found through many many different animal species. And this genetic programming has naturally (And always will) affected our societies view on what exactly makes a good 'man' and 'woman', since several million years of evolution doesn't just go away because you have an Ipod, making both genders although equal human beings, different in their dreams. 4: Extremely oppressive and offensive to women. Which leads me onto my next point. My mother is a brilliant person. She's a strong, intelligent person, and what she did to teach and raise me made me the person I am today, and is something I will always look up to her for (I also look up to my father, but for different reasons). Yet somehow the current movement which claims to represent her suggests that because she chose to do what she loved, that she is somehow a worthless oppressed human. The message of feminism isn't even about breaking gender roles in that sense, as we can see a lack of fund-raisers to get more women into being dustbin men. No the message of feminism is you're only worth something as a women if you're a CEO, that screw what you want to do, you are only represented by the money that you make and anything else is simply you're too weak to stop being oppressed by a man. And this is further exemplified by a lot of rhetoric provided by the main movements of feminism, removing responsibility and treating the female like a child. You want to make your own choices while drunk? NO! Only a man can handle that kind of responsibility. You want to handle critic and male contact like an adult? NO! Don't you worry your priddy little head, let the men work it all out for you so you never have to feel sad. You think you can handle things not targeted towards your gender, or are self confident enough in who you are for it not to affect you? NO! Only a man can handle that kind of pressure and acting like an adult. This is even further exemplified when these same movements attempt to suggest that women do no evil. No, all rape cases are true, because women can't do that! No, When Female to male DV happens it's because the man did something wrong. The only reason that woman did that was because of MAGIC Evil MENZ Patriarchy. It's impossible for a woman to be Misandric because! Which all build a picture of females being less than men, when in reality females are also simply adult human beings, who have the same ability to do evil (And good) as men. 5: Slows down progress and awareness by ignoring 50 of the issue. From what I can see the majority of the problems raised by feminism (Rape, DV, gender bias for certain things, society expecting you to do XYZ to be a 'real woman aren't woman issues at all, but in general humanity issues that overall affect all humans equally. And these are big wide ranging issues that require aid. So to combat these issues, to take a strategy that automatically ignores and alienates 50 of the problem... seems moronically retarded. Throw into this that the majority of these awareness campaigns are not only highly offensive to men, but also play into the actual perpetrators hands. The people at Steubenville knew exactly what the fuck those mother fuckers were doing. They knew that what they were doing was wrong. It wasn't rape culture, but the fact that they are evil little shits. Why did they claim the opposite? Because they had a smart assed lawyer who knew he could make his clients seem like the victim. And Jesus it actually worked to some extent, giving these monsters sympathy. Oh it's not their fault, their lives got ruined, it's because of the patriarchy. They didn't know it was rape because of the 'patriarchy'! They are the 'real' victims of the patriarchy! Although on an emotionally detached level, I do have to give kudos to the layer for being a smart ass and abusing the current damage these campaigns do. 6: Wishy washy No stable focus And this is the real issue I have the majority of feminism. There's no actual real goals. This isn't a case of 'Make it legal for women to vote' any more, but wishy washy abuse of statistics to flip flop around to make 'feminism' about whatever just offended the authors of whatever articlecampaign. Want to write a story about a evil group of men? That's patriarchy because there's a lack of female's! Want to write a story about a group of evil women. That's also sexist! Want to write about a classic nurturing woman? That's sexist because of gender types! Want to write about a strong woman? That's also sexist because she's just trying to copy men! Want to talk to a random woman? That's sexist and you're probably trying to rape her! Ignore random woman on the street? That's also sexist! Disprove of sexual behaviour? That's slut-shaming and sexist! Want to support and interact with a women in such a way? That's sexist and you're probably trying to rape her! This flippy floppy lack of focus seems to create problems that don't exist, making interactions between good honestly adults of both sexes harder for everyone for no apparent reason, while at the same time proving zero answers on how to fix these 'issues'.