When it comes to video games there are few consoles that are praised as much as the Nintendo 64. I have always felt that the console is massively overrated, and that it's a fundamentally badly designed console with a generally poor library of games. I question this because so many people name it as their favourite console, and frequently it's games appear in, "top 10 games of all time" lists online. I have always lived in the UK, as such Nintendo was always second place to Sega, as Nintendo was hugely overpriced for the 8-bit and 16-bit consoles when compared to USA. On top of that, a sizable chunk of games for the SNES where never released in UK, including some of the generally agreed better games for the system like the Final Fantasy games, Super Mario RPG, Chrono Trigger, and Earthbound to name just a few. Because of this I've never had much of an attachment to Nintendo and grew up as a Sega kid personally. I never owned a Nintendo 64 and many of the games I've only played very recently. Still despite that, I have now played some of the systems best known games and I'm honestly not impressed. Here in the UK, the N64 released in March 1997, this was 2 years after the Playstation and Sega Saturn and 3 years after the Atari Jaguar and 3DO. Hell, by Christmas 1997 the Dreamcast was already being announced and that came out only 2 years after the N64. When I compare the N64 to all these consoles, the only one I feel it bests is the Atari Jaguar, which it bloody should, that was 3 years old and kinda crappy to begin with. The top games for the system include things like; GoldenEye 007, which I just don't get. It came out in 1997 and it looks like shite. Compare it to Alien Trilogy on the Sega Saturn from 1996 and it fails in every way. Within a year of GoldenEye's release we had games like Half-Life for people who like single player, and Quake 2 and for multiplayer, both of which make GoldenEye look like shit. So, why do people love GoldenEye 007 and act like it's the second coming? Then there's Super Mario 64. I just don't get why this game is so loved. Or for that matter any of the 3D platformers that copy it; Banjo-Kazooie, Donkey Kong 64 etc. Why are they so special? Sure, they're not bad games, but I've genuinely heard people claim these are the, "best platformers ever," and all I can think is, "are you fucking high!?." Now granted, these games where the beginning of a change in the genre, I get that, but they're badly designed. The camera is universally shite in all of them, the controls, particularly in Super Mario 64, are slippery and fiddly, and the levels are generally rather uninspired, bland, and repetitive, especially as they lengthened gameplay significantly by having you replay the same level repeatedly. There's a reason games like the Crash Bandicoot series stayed relatively linear by comparison as it allowed for more art direction, greater pacing, less issues with camera position, and a greater feeling of control. Like I say, while I don't think any of these games are bad, they're little more than average. There's also Conker's Bad Fur Day, which is puerile and childish to the point of ridicule. It's not funny, it's just pathetic. It's a 12 year olds idea of "mature" and I genuinely feel embarrassed playing it. Other games on the system like Duke Nukem 3D, Spiderman, Rayman 2, Hydro Thunder, and the Tony Hawk's Pro Skater series, to name but a few, where all better on another system, particularly the Dreamcast. Often the N64 games would have levels missing. Occationally a game may look slightly better on N64 when compares with say the PSOne version (such as Spider-Man) but the Dreamcast version was better still. There are a few console exclusives like Mario Kart 64, F-Zero Z, and Star Fox 64, which are granted good games, but they're no more special than Crash Team Racing and Titan Wars on the PSOne. In short, what I'm getting at is that the N64 is either painfully average, or the noticeably inferior option so why is it so popular? The one franchise I've not mentioned in Legend Of Zelda, mainly because it's basically the gaming equivalent of the sacred cow and giving a Zelda game an 810 is considered insultingly low and worthy of death threats on some websites. Up until recently I'd not played the Zelda series. I got my chance with the 3DS and played through Ocarina Of Time, which is pretty much uncontested on the internet as the greatest game of all time by a bloody long margin. My response... "Meh." Seriously, what's so special about this game. As a platformer it fails because it has no jump button, contextualised auto-jumps are poor at best. As an RPG it so lacking it's laughable, with only the most minimal RPG elements (upgradable health, some exchangeable equipment, that's about it). As an action game it's far too slow to keep any one entertained for long. As a narrative, the story is a boring and predictable slog. Really, what is it about this game that makes everyone so bat-shit insane about it. The concepts are tired, the gameplay is such a mish-mash of genre elements it just feels like grey sludge. The worst part is the PSOne has games that make this look pathetic all of which came out before it; Castlevania: Symphony Of The Night for example combines action with RPG elements far better. Tomb Raider is a far better example of a game encouraging a slower pace exploration adventure, and it actually has a jump button. Final Fantasy VII has a far more engaging storyline, better characters, and actually is an RPG (something the N64 seems to have never heard of). Grandia is another great RPG with interesting characters, storyline etc... but maybe it's the real time combat that people loved, and granted, Ocarina Of Time does genuinely have a good real time combat system. I'll happily accept that for all it's flaws Ocarina Of Time is, especially for it's time, a really good game. It's certainly not the masterpiece people made it out to be. There are far better games out there, but it's not a bad game at all. One game however is not enough to redeem a system. Nintendo 64 has other flaws too. The controller while innovative as it had an analogue stick out of the box, is hardly well designed. The C-buttons where a poor choice, too small and awkward, they made games that needed the 6 face buttons less appealing, and they where not even close to good enough at controlling a camera. The position of the analogue stick either means you're holding the controller at a stupid wonky angle or stretching excessively to reach everything, and the amount of travel on the analogue stick was massive, giving it a huge dead zone in the middle, greatly lowering the enjoyment of games that could have done with tighter controls such as racing games. I could go on forever, but I'll stop here. In short I just don't understand why so many people love this console, for it's time I genuinely think the 3DO was a better console. The N64 only really got by because of brand recognition and it continues to get praise because of nostalgia. The N64's clever marketing meant that if you were 10 or younger in 1997, (so born after 1987) you almost certainly owned an N64, especially if you're American. On top of that, as the majority of the internet is ran and populated by Americans aged between 18 and 25 (ie. people born between ), the internet has WAY more N64 fans than any other consoles fans. It's become an echo-chamber, with and endless list of people all agreeing with each other that Ocarina of Time is the best game ever made. After all for many people you'll speak to online nowadays, the N64 was their FIRST GAMES CONSOLE!!! No wonder they all love it, it reminds them of their childhood. I know what being that young was like, I remember genuinely loving He-Man for christ sake; why? Because I was a kid and I was stupid. We're all stupid when we're kids and we'll like practically anything for the most trivial of reasons. I know I'm in the minority by a long way. Am I missing something? Is the N64 really as good as people say and I'm just not seeing it. I'm a retro-gamer as well as a modern day gamer, I genuinely enjoy every games console from the NES to the PS3 and everything in between, but N64 just makes me feel irritated at it's mediocrity because everyone online is constantly singing it's praise. If you can, change my view.