I am an atheist; I have found no compelling evidence of the existence of any gods, and thus I have no reason believe in one. This position is agnostic atheism, which leaves room for the possibility that there is a god but not one in whom I can justify belief. About a year ago, it occurred to me that this might not be going far enough. Obviously, the definition of god is important; if no qualities are ascribed to god, then we can't disprove its existence. However, a common conception of god is as the creator of the universe. Considering this, I reasoned that this idea of god was impossible via the following reasoning: 1. There exists a creator of the universe. 2. The universe consists of all things that exist (perhaps with the exception of the creator of the universe) 3. Time exists 4. Therefore, time was created by the creator of the universe. 5. Creation is a causal event; it involves a cause and an effect. If it didn't, then invoking a creator as a first cause would be very odd indeed. 6. Causality requires time. An effect cannot precede its cause. Supposing that causality could exist without time, causality without a dimension separating cause and effect is inconceivable. 7. Therefore, time was present at the creation of time as we have established that time is necessary for a causal event (or whatever it is that separates cause and effect, which can then be filled in for "time. 8. Something cannot precede its own creation. 9. Therefore, time was not created. Points 4 and 9 contradict one another, thus discrediting the initial premise. I am therefore confident in saying that I know that god, as defined as the creator,does not exist. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!