Hi rchangemyview, I would appreciate to be able to read your thoughts and actually change my view on this subject. I feel like such an outsider because I am iconclast against an institution that most people are seemingly ebullient to become a part of. I'll posit my opinion on this topic from three different angles: economics, love, and quality of lifehappiness. If it matters, my bias is that I am a 22 year old hetero male who has never dated anyone for longer than a year. Also I will not touch on the subject of children because while the other points I bring up may be true, it is hard to picture a better institution to raise children than two parents who support both the children and each other. Part I Getting married is a legally binding contractual obligation to another person. The contract is signed for emotional reasons. In any other area of signing legal contracts the sage advice is to have no emotions involved. My dad is in real estate and the adage in that industry is if you really want a house, don't buy it (because you will probably overpay and get a bad deal). Similarly, I think a lot of people get a bad deal with marriage. If there is an assetliabilities difference between the two parties, one party immediately wins and the other party immediately loses. So if you marry someone with student debt, or if one party has a fairly sized amount of money this becomes the assets or liabilities of both parties. A win for one, a loss for the other. If a divorce transpires, which happens over 50 of the time, then one or usually both parties lose out again financially. I would hate to be the breadwinner and then lose half of everything I have worked for for the past several years or even decades. Yet the chance of extreme financial loss (half of everything you own including your house depending on which spouse you are) is over 50. I understand this percentage may be lower for households with two spouses of equal income. There is no other investment situation where this would be an acceptable risk. I know many, many people that have endured terrible divorces. Here is one ancedotal example: A lady I work with is in her fifties. She inherited over a million dollars. She got married before inheriting this money. She paid for her husband to go through law school and become an estate attorney. Because he was now an attorney she put him in charge of all their money. He ran off out of the country with all the money and she has never heard from him again or been able to reach him. The future isn't so dark for her though. She is now married to a man who will receive 5 of his father's commercial real estate devolpment company at the age of 65 and she will once again be a millionaire. So I think the real problem here is no matter how perfect the person you are marrying is, they are still a human being. And humans act in their own self-interest. In a truly great marriage both husband and wife would put each other first but this is the exception not the norm if the statistics are to be believed. So economically, I cannot see a wage earning person being better off from a marriage. Yes, there are tax breaks. Yes two people can buy a bigger house then one person can. There may be other economic benefits beyond that which I am not aware of but none that cover the investment risk. If you could marry someone with a similar financial background, income, and earnings potential, and neither of you will ever end your career before the other that would be fantastic. In a situation where both parties remained economic equals throughout the marriage that would be great but would it be better than just worrying about your money and your money only in the first place? Part II What about love? In college most people date around and after college most people get married. Why? Why is it generally considered foolish to get married in college? Because in college it is so easy and everyone has so many options. Once you are out of college most people have a tiny fraction of the dating pool available compared to what they had in college. So it is harder and people take the easy way out...getting married. Dating around is 'a young man's game.' They want to 'settle down' because now playing around is a little more like work and a little less like play. They finish college, get a job, now the next logical step is to get married. It seems complacent and even a bit lazy to me. That doesn't make it wrong. That seems to be the pervading psychology behind thse cultural practices. So what if you find someone you absolutely fall in love with? What if you meet the significant other of your dreams who completes you in every way? Awesome! Still don't marry them. Why? Because you are going to wake up 10 years later and you will both be different in almost every way. You will look different, you will act different, you may have different interests, concerns, and desires. I saw a picture of 4 generations of women...the youngest was 20, then there was a 40 year old mother, there was a 60 year old grandmother, and an 80 year old great grand mother. The 20 year old was very beautiful. I though "Here is a person I could fall in love with." But the other 3 generations were unattractive to me. I certainly wouldn't "fall in love" with the 40 or the 60 year old woman. I thought to myself, 'I could see myself marrying the 20 year old, but 20 years later they are not going to look like the person I married!' Why do looks and physical attraction matter? Because the person you fall in love with is not the same person you are married to later! Nobody falls in love with someone twice their age unless that person has a lot of money. Think about it! A sixty year old lady is almost perfect. Elderly women are often sweet, caring, thoughtful, and gentle individuals. Some cook really well and clean really well (if that's what you are looking for). This is the type of person you should fall in love with if 'falling in love' is a real thing. Most 20 year old girls are not this way, especially if they are hot. I admit, that is a generalization. But if a girl is young and beautiful the perspective she has and the stressors on her behavior do not often incentivize her to be a kind, caring person. Certainly not to the extent of her elderly counterpart. Obviously there are many beautiful young women who are extremely caring and kind, and many old women who are bitter and unkind. It seems like if you fell in love because of a person's qualities then elderly women would be the biggest desire of the dating pool. Instead it is mostly about looks and people want to marry someone who they are physically attracted to. So looks are a primary factor in a marriage and looks will not last the rest of your life if you live to an old age. So my logical next thought is this: If you want to always be in a relationship with someone who looks good, don't get married! Once you are married there are not the same stressors on you that a person who is dating or single has. You can let yourself go. I heard on the radio it is usually 3 months before a women will stop wearing her makeup in a way to impress her man. I don't view that as a bad thing. I do view it as evidence that the way you look is not as important once you are married. So let's say you are 40 years old and dating. Anyone who is dating has an incentive to make themselves look nice. If you go on a date at let's say, age 40, both you and your date will attempt to look nice. Compare that to going on a date with your wife of 20 years. Maybe you got lucky and she stayed attractive, maybe not. For me personally, even if your wife of 20 years was objectively more beautiful than your date, the thrill of potentially sleeping with someone new is greater than the burden of having to sleep with the same person you have slept with for the last 20 years. I have read that the dopamine associated with meeting someone new lasts 4-5 years max. After that it is work and not the easy, butterflys-induced sex of before. This is probably my most controversial paragraph. You might say "Maybe your date didn't make it to 40 without hitting a physical wall so-to-speak either." Well, you are not stuck with that person for life and you can choose not to date them again. I think being in love is mostly about getting something from another person. In my opinion true love would be totally selfless. It would be giving a bum on the street a room in your house and providing and caring for that person unconditionally. That bum has nothing they can offer you. People seem to mostly fall in love with someone they can have sex with. Which to me makes me thing what people mean by falling in love could be better stated by 'falling in lust.' Besides if you truly love someone, you should be able to marry them and not sign a legal document. A legal document should have nothing to do with it. Part III What about quality of life? In any relationship there is compromise. When you are not married there is no compromise. If you are dating and you don't want to compromise, you can break up with that person and find someone else you don't have to compromise with. So by not getting married, you get more of what you want. Just to get a "guy's night out" or a "girls night out" requires sacrificing and negotiating with your SO. You can never again meet someone of the other gender and have it be "more than friends." People complain about the NSA but having a spouse is like having a never ending overseer who you have to report your location to at all times. To me it seems better to be free. Maybe you don't want to be lonely at age 60 but consider yourself now. Would you rather date a 60 year old person or be lonely? Why would that change once you yourself are an older person? Besides, when you are alone you have more time to hang out with your friends (and probably to the consternation of their spouses) or do activities you are passionate about. I actually was roommates in a very expansive house (looong story) with an elderly couple for three months last year. The wife talked over and berated the husband and he was nothing but kind and caring to her. When she talked he put his head down. At night he would watch sports and she would get on the phone or do stuff on her computer. They both enjoyed the company of their grandkids which they would not have without each other but I can tell you that that man would have been better off by himself. He could have been living in thailand with all the companions he wanted. I am sure their are situations in reverse where the man berates his wife and the wife keeps her head down. Who wants to live that way? If you go on a date and pay for it, that may be anywhere from 20-100. The costs of being married are so much higher than that. You may be paying top dollar for a companion you don't even like ten years after your marriage. Why not instead just date the rest of your life? More companions, you have more money to spend on them and yourself, and more free time to do stuff. (This is assuming you are the bread winner of course). I once hung out with my best friend for like two weeks in a row at his apartment. We were so sick of each other. When I was finally able to leave it came as a relief to both of us. We are still best friends. I thought, if this is how I feel about my best friend after only two weeks how could I possibly marry someone and live with them for years? I have lived with other peole but I have always been happier having my own space. I am starting to ramble now so let me throw in only one or two more points. For a woman, getting married is the highlight of her life. She walks down the aisle dressed like a queen or a princess and she is surrounded by hundreds of people who are there just for her big day. This ceremony is totally bride centric and costs thousands of dollars. Most men when asked about wedding plans simply don't care and are much less involved in the process. This is a gender difference that as a guy, I don't care for. Finally most people get married before thirty. That is young. How do you know what you want for the rest of your life when you are thirty! What if you change your mind? Well if you are married you can't change it then. It doesn't matter the age. You might get married at sixty but then want to change your mind. If they had marriage contracts that lasted for a set period of time that would make sense but a marriage contract lasts for life. Epilogue Sorry to write a book, thanks for reading. I hope you can see why it seems reasonable for me to not desire to be married. Please change my view. Children may be inseparable from this conversation because the biological instinct for children outweighs any self-interest a person may previously have. I would like to save a debate about kids for another CMV however. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!