As the title suggests, home ownership is not only irresponsible for a majority of Americans, but it should be made far more difficult to purchase a home. The second part happened in some respects in the last few years when banks tightened up their lending practices, but I am more concerned with the belief held by many that home ownership is some kind of basic right, and something everyone should strive toward and be encouraged into. When a personcouple is deciding whether to rent or buy, it is often a simple analysis of: how much will my payment be renting vs buying. If the price to buy is near or only slightly higher, the decision is often BUY, with not even the slightest amount of thought to maintaining the property. It appears they may be able to afford the payment on paper, but the reality is they are not even close. These families have no way of paying for things like new roofs, new windows, new furnaces, new driveways, water heaters, or any of the other hundreds of things that require significant amounts of money to repair. So what do they do in the winter when their furnace dies? charge a new one. Roof leaks? credit, you get the idea. And invariably the outside of the home takes second seat to these urgent issues, and you end up with a dilapidated eyesore in your neighborhood pulling down home values of its neighbors, and a homeowner who had no business buying the home anyway, drowning in credit card debt with foreclosure looming on the horizon. So unless your mortgage and tax payment are less than say (just making up numbers here) 25 or 33 of your disposable monthly income, you should not be given a home loanprevented from financing, etc. For those who may argue that home ownership is an investment, this may be true, but only in the best of circumstances, where home values are rising, and you properly maintain the property over a period of 10 years, when you are no longer just paying interest on your loan. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!