So we know that Kurzweil believes that in the future it will become possible to "upload" or copy one's mind onto a computer and this will supposedly offer the possibility for immortality. However there is a huge logical flaw in this argument that renders it completely useless. To understand this please consider the following thought experiment: Two identical twins live in exactly identical environments, but separately from each other. Given the fact that their environments and their physiology are exactly alike their minds are also alike in every respect. Given the exact same environment and the exact same physiology, their lives actually turn out exactly alike in every respect. The twins go on living their lives not knowing about each other, not caring about each other and having no connections whatsoever. Now imagine that one of the twins dies and the other continues living. It is clear that the fact that one of the twins continues on living has no consequences or benefits for the one that is dead. The one that is dead was a separate being, and just like he had no connections with the actions of his twin while he was alive he also has no connections with the actions of his twin when he is dead. Basically these two different beings have no CAUSAL connections with one another and therefore what one of them does CANNOT in any way affect the other. But according to Kurzweil's hypothesis, in such a scenario, the surviving twin basically is the continuation of the dead one. Somehow, according to Kurzweil's hypothesis, we should believe that the fact that the twins had the same mind means that when one of them dies he basically continues to live through the other. But this is clearly wrong: when both of the twins were alive they both lived their separate lives and were separate beings, so how is it possible that when one of them dies somehow he gets merged into one with his surviving twin? The same principle applies to uploading a mind onto a computer. You need to think of the computer as the twin. Imagine that you upload your mind onto a computer now and you keep syncing it with your mind so that it is exactly identical and after a while you die. But if the computer did not make a difference to your existence when you were alive, how could it make difference to you when you are dead? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!