They have one goal and one goal alone: to increase profits. There are many companies that do this by making customers happy and giving themselves a good public image, but any "good" that is done by a company is an amoral action. Likewise, any "bad" that is done by a company is also an amoral action. Companies will do bad things if they are shown to be more profitable. The only way to stop this from happening is to make bad things less profitable. Legislation is a great way to do this, but, like everything, has its caveats. As long as it is profitable for companies to influence legislation against the good of the people, it will be done. They will fight against others to keep it profitable and to make it more profitable. The question is, how do you keep bad things from being profitable and at the same time prevent business exodus? That really is the only issue. We don't need to keep them happy, we just need to keep them from leaving. The USA still needs to be an attractive place to do business, but not at the cost of the well being of it's citizens, as being an attractive place to do business is only wanted because it increases well being of the citizens of the country. Businesses are tools to increase the well being of people. Having empathy towards them is a wasted endeavor and only helps to hinder progress toward a better market. This definitely applies to all publicly traded companies, as they have a responsibility to their shareholders, and the only thing that the shareholders have in common is that they want their shares to be worth more. I don't know if it can apply blanketly to every outfit, as the smaller a business gets, the less people there are in charge, and the business becomes more susceptible to human emotion. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!