I loved Connery's Bond overall, but I don't think there's any one best James Bond actor because they all bring something to the table. I don't view Connery's Bond as a performance that was so definitive that the other actors paled in comparison. Three reasons. 1. Connery's acting quality declined over the years. His first three performances (Dr. No, From Russia With Love and Goldfinger) were excellent. But when we get to You Only Live Twice, it was visibly apparent that he was tired and stressed. By Diamonds Are Forever, he looked old, fat, and totally uninterested in the role. Let's not even get to Never Say Never Again. Brosnan maintained the same performance throughout all of his films. He was consistent. Even at the old age of 57, Moore was in good shape and had his heart in the role. For Craig, Quantum of Solace was considered a weak film, but his acting in it was acclaimed. 2. Connery's portrayal of the character didn't eclipse the other actors To say that Connery "IS James Bond" or that he's the definitive one would suggest that his role was basically a complete exhaustive interpretation of everything 007 could ever be. The fact that 007 became a franchise for 40 years after Connery proved that he wasn't the only one who could move the character. Each of the other actors brought something new to the table. Lazenby's Bond was human, emotional and empathetic. Moore's Bond did plenty of new outrageous creative things which gave him his own fan base. Dalton's dark primal take on Bond was a dramatic shift as well. Brosnan established himself as a refined modern man, as well as a suave gentleman. And Craig re-invented Bond as a vulnerable soul who rises above his troubles. 3. Connery's portrayal of the character wasn't accurate to the books. Connery's interpretation of Bond misses the point of the books. With Fleming's books, the emphasis was less about who the character of James Bond was, and moreso the feeling you get when you read about his adventures. Unlike Connery's performance which deliberately sought out to make Bond himself the most interesting part. Bond is a manifestation of Fleming's desires. Bond doesn't womanize because he's fun. He womanizes because there's a void in his heart and he can't hold a relationship. Bond smokes and drinks to alleviate his stress. Bond kills because he has to. Connery established Bond as a guy every man wanted to be, but we don't want to be Fleming's Bond. Connery was partly responsible for making the series so popular. There is nothing wrong with Bond being interpreted liberally. I have no problem with Moore defusing a bomb in a clown suit, so I have no problem with Connery having a sugarcoated Bond either. The problem is when a certain sect of Connery's fanbase asserts the Connery is the true James Bond, when he is just an interpretation. Moore was honest that his portrayal was goofy, whereas with Connery there was a pretense that he was actually the character. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!