There has been a lot of talk recently about NCAA players unionizing or whether they should be paid or not. I think this is a simple matter- the NCAA schools all agreeing to not pay players is absolutely illegal. If the NCAA had a rule stating that coaches compensation would be capped at a certain level then that would be absolutely illegal. It would unquestionably be a violation of the [Sherman Act] to try and do so. Right now many grad students get additional compensation from the university and it would again be illegal for the NCAA schools to all agree to cap this compensation (or eliminate it entirely). But for some reason many people think that it should be legal to cap the compensation of athletes in this way. I honestly cannot think of a single situation where it is legal to do what the NCAA schools are doing to these athletes. They have formed a cartel and are using their market power to artificially set a maximum compensation that any of them are willing to give. They cap this compensation without any negotiation whatsoever from the athletes in a way that we simply do not allow in our society. In the NFL they can have a salary cap only because they players agreed to it through collective bargaining. But the situation with the NCAA is different because the players have no say in the matter at all- they simply have to take what they are offered. It is a textbook definition of price fixing. There is clearly money available that schools would pay if given the opportunity to improve their football team. The most obvious example would be the fact that the schools pay their coaches in excess of 200 million dollars a year. That is money that the school is spending solely because they want to improve their team. If the cap on compensation were lifted then there is no doubt that many schools would happily spend money on players. The players are generating billions of dollars of revenue and so there is plenty of money available. People can talk all they want to about how they prefer the current system or how paying players would have all sorts of unintended consequences but those arguments are irrelevant if the current system is illegal. The system has to change in a way that respects the rights of the players. It doesn't matter whether you think that they get a good deal now. If that cap were to be lifted then the schools would choose to give more. And if you don't think that the schools would choose to give more than the cap could be lifted without any issues at all. My argument is not that schools must pay their players. It is that any school may do so if they wish. That any school choosing to not pay their players is perfectly acceptable but once all of them band together to refuse to so it becomes illegal. Once again for me it all comes back to the same idea- we do not allow that type of price fixing in any other area. Can anyone think of any other situation in our country where it is legal to do what the NCAA schools are doing to the athletes? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!