I'll preface this by saying that this is my first post here, so i hope i'm doing this correctly. Everything in this post is based entirely on my own observations. For the sake of laziness, I'm going to leave out the 'I statements' and let you pretend there's one in front of every one of my opinions. I should also mention that I'm an atheist, but I don't take issue with marriage because it is an institution of religion. My problem with marriage is that I don't think humans (in general) have the psychological capacity to devote themselves to, and accept the devotion of, another human being. First I'll say that I understand that everyone defines marriage differently. To me, marriage is when two people can say to each other 'I care about you and trust you so much that I am literally willing to do anything I can fathom you asking of me and anything within reason to protect you and our relationship, until death do us part.' The problem is that no one can fully comprehend marriage and still believe that they and their partner can succeed at it. It's an impossible promise to fulfill. It is impossible to know someone so well that you know for a fact that they will never betray you, ever. The marriages that end due to natural death of old age and have never been violated by either party are few and far between. If we could extend the human life expectancy another 50 years I don't doubt they would have ended in divorce. I understand that marriage isn't supposed to be perfect or easy. It's supposed to be difficult. You're supposed to work together through the rough times. However if a person or their SO consciously violate the marriage, or even if you just eventually get tired of being married, then what is the point in being married at all? And I think given enough time, every marriage will have at least one party who after all is said and done would move on if they could. I think it would be much better to say, 'I care about you and trust you so much that I am literally willing to do anything I can fathom you asking of me and anything within reason to protect you and our relationship, as long as I still feel like it.' People get bored of each other. They learn things about each other they don't like. They meet someone new and exciting and better than their partner that they'd like to explore a relationship with. They should be free to move on when they're not into it anymore without the stigma of divorce. I am 100 for monogamy. Relationships should remain exclusive unless both parties explicitly agree otherwise. Cheating is never okay. Change my view. I hope I didn't offend anyone; I don't mean to insult anyone by insinuating that they're foolish for getting married. I just think that society has unrealistic expectations of the human attention span when it comes to relationships. Also, it's early in the morning and I haven't slept. I've proofread twice, but i'm on a new phone and I'm still getting used to the keyboard. Thanks ahead of time for your responses. Edit: Thanks to uelectrostaticrain and everyone else who made the argument that many of the things I thought were a requirement of marriage, are not actually required (by law).