I think that the solution to Fermi's Paradox have been right infront of our noses for a long time now and it's about time someone recognizes it. I do work in physics and I'm not an expert in astrobiology or any of these matters, but I think the solution is so common sense that credentials don't matter. For some reason seemingly EVERY expert and layman thinks the same: we will keep expanding forever as our technology evolves. First the entire planet (we're already close), then the solar system and then the galaxy. I think this is wrong It's true that we did expand a lot in our "early years" as a specie, but we did so mainly in search of resources oppourtunities and escape tyranism. Then after the age of digitalization we did the opposite. Now we don't expand as much, InFact we spend most of our time infront of a tiny screen. Just a few decades ago you had to go to the Library to read a book, or an expensive music festival to hear your favorite band or the cinema to see a new movie. You had to travel far to go to a Uni that taught what you wanted to learn. And you had to travel across the globe to buy exclusive goods. Today we don't do this nearly as much. I can download hundreds of entire libraries in mere hours. I can download any movie I want. Music? Everywhere online. Teaching? I got more knowledge at my fingertips than all the universities combined. Tutors and peers? Hundreds of expert forums to consult with whenever I need it. I want to buy a meteor? Fuck it, hit up eBay. Certain things still require that we leave our house, such as most jobs and travel to exotic destinations, but soon (relatively speaking) everything will become autonomous and we'll have immersive Google streetview Occulous Rift type technologies that give you experiences that are impossible to replicate even in real life. Like flying to the top of the eiffel tower With your girlfriend or having sex on the moon. Which brings me back to my main point: I think that rather than expanding further out to the stars, we will go INTO our computers. And I see absolutely no reason why other intelligent lives should've done differently. So we shouldn't expect to see gigantic civillizations out there conquering stars or visits from aliens with a probing fetish. We should expect to see none of it. Once you conquer fusion, build a safety system against meteors etc. you have no reason to keep expanding outwards. Infact it's less efficient. Some may say "but we also do exploration for the sake of exploring and adventure." This is true for a VERY select few, for 90 the true reason is related to our biological needs somehow and even then, why is it important for you to go to a random planet you have never seen before? To see the unique landscape? How would that be different from running a random program that simulates a planet that you have never seen before? Infinitely less expensive and dangerous and exactly as thrilling and unique.