I believe that the death of anyone should be celebrated and not mourned. I can't seem to wrap my head around it, why such crushing despair (and in my experience, it is nothing short of crushing despair), why would be the way that you would want to commemorate someone's life? Some background; in February my ex's mom died and the ex lost pretty much all will. I will forever remember holding her that night, being there for her in every way and more (including giving her the space she wanted and needed it) and in the end, months and months later our relationship also died. I am a nurse now too (new grad) and we, as a North American society, are a death defying one. Everything we do is to push back a death date a little longer, even if it sacrifices the quality of life of that person and in many cases, against their wishes. The other part of this is that people get genuinely angry when my beliefs come up (which I never bring up because I don't think there's much to be had by stirring a pot). They invariably ask why I don't get upset over deaths. I have no issue with other people doing it, and my belief won't change others points of views, and I know that. But I also get to choose and I choose to celebrate the good things that they did, how they impacted my life in a positive way, or if I knew them personally I remember the times we laughed and how they helped form me into a better person. Finally, please don't turn this into something about my ex-gf or necessarily nursingmedicine. I am just interested in the reasons why people chose to mourn their loss instead of celebrate the memory of the person they clearly loved so much. edit: after reading through these, I'm glad that it hasn't come up yet but I only mean we should celebrate for those who are not children. I cannot imagine the grief a parent would have burying their child and that to me is a whole other ball game. The most recent and awful example is Sandyhook and I think it would be AWFUL of me to look at those families and say 'Don't mourn.' As well, families shredded by tragedies such as bombings or terrorism, that's different too and I have no experience with. I don't think it's fair for me to say anything about that seeing as, again, I have never experienced terrorism myself. Thanks everyone for your responses so far!