In recent years, a number of studies have shown that the US in particular has the lowest income equality, among the lowest income mobility, and among the highest indexes of social problems in the developed world. At the same time, American-style capitalism and inequality is becoming a global problem. The hopeful trend of convergence brought about by fast emerging-market growth from 2000 to 2007 has reversed: Emerging markets, while creating a ton of GDP, are not converting much of that to wealth and the US has actually increased its share of global wealth since 2007, with all of that going to the top. As a result, the average human being is poorer now than she was in 2010, even though global income and wealth as an aggregate have increased substantially. The median American is poorer than the median Canadian or even Italian and is at about the same wealth level as a Portuguese, a South Korean, or a Western Slav. Chillingly, much of Western Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and Israel are following on the same track. It is easy to see the links between high inequality and low mobility in the US, as well as increasing global inequality that is wiping out the gains China and other emerging countries made in the 2000-2007 period, and various US and international problems. Police brutality has proven to be among the most effective wedge issues keeping desperate black and Hispanic Americans from solidarity with slightly less desperate white Americans. Gun control has repeatedly been blocked by desperate white Americans voting in the Tea Party, by mistrust of the government, and, as Obama pointed out in 2008, clinging to firearm ownership as one of their few sources of power. At the same time, highly-armed but equal societies like Switzerland and Iceland have far less gun violence (and non-gun violence) than the US. Education reform is futile when 20-30 of the American population is struggling to make ends meet and 70 are one unlucky break or bad decision away from misery. At the same time, many Americans are not seeing any return in education and are taking out tens of thousands in student loans only to work at Starbucks or McDonald's. If the sons and daughters of the USA's white upper-middle-class are struggling to stay afloat, what does that say about the chances and return on investment for the white working class, much less blacks and Hispanics in the inner cities? American football will forever retain a steady pipeline of recruits so long as poor blacks, Hispanics, and rural folk see no path to college or wealth other than combat sports. Many parts of the US see gridiron football as their main lifeline and source of charity and economic activity. Europe has long been spared the extremes of capitalism in the American style; however, the ongoing economic crisis has resulted in parties left, right, and center in countries with credit ratings from AAA to junk making cuts in government programs and benefits that would have been political suicide just one decade earlier. This phenomenon has spread to Canada, Australia, and even New Zealand and Japan and in the Northern countries is accompanied by a housing bubble in major cities that results in crippling household-debt-to-GDP ratios, years of "hidden homelessness" and couch-surfing in cities like Stockholm, and near-US-like levels of wealth inequality. With no mainstream politicians willing to reject austerity, this Great Americanization has been a boon to far-left and far-right parties, including close allies of Vladimir Putin, as well as to conversions to radical Islam. The situation in Israel is similar. Ultranationalism has become a handy distraction from Israelis' day-to-day problems and antipathy that should be directed at the elite is instead being directed at the Palestinians. At the same time, the rise of radical Islamic groups such as ISIS that make the Taliban and al-Qaeda look like teddy bears has colored a lot of the anti-Palestinian and anti-Arab rhetoric, as have alliances of convenience with ex-neo-Nazis in the European far right. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!