Here is why: 1) Animals do have homosexual pairings, but such pairings do not procreate so they die off. 2) These pairings are in the minority and are usually confined to the males of the species not the females. 3) Pairings of this kind act as a Darwinian mechanism of removing undesirable sexual mutants from the group, while still allowing the group to benefit from the physical and mental capabilities of the sexual mutants (to increase the survival rate and rate of procreation among non-sexual mutants). 4) Pairings of this kind cannot; and have no means to, procreate in the animal kingdom and as such they; as before stated, remove undesirable sexual mutants from the breeding pool. 5) Homosexual pairings in other species are less inclined to propagate their sexual mutation and are unlikely to be accepted; due to the nature of animal groups such as prides in lions, as a beta or alpha male, because they cannot propagate themselves. 6) Accordingly homosexual pairings are; in other species, not subversive to the group and if; like a male lion outside the pride trying to mate with one of the pride's female lions, they exhibit behaviour perceived as damaging to the group then they are rejected, wounded or killed by the existing power structure that holds that group together. 7) If we apply this to humans this means that because homosexuals are sexual mutants who cannot normally propagate themselves, but who are trying to do so via technology and science. Then they have become a threat to the survival of the group as they are normalising undesirable sexual behaviour. 8) Further in humans homosexuals are actively seeking to 'convert'; as remember their desire to procreate is being channeled towards the wrong gender, non-genetically homosexual members of the breeding population; by means of suggesting that it is to their material benefit [and thus playing on the false sense of evolutionary benefit from better standing in the group and material circumstances] to be homosexual. 9) This creates an incredibly dysgenic situation, which drives negative attitudes to homosexuals and their increased rejection from the group via polarising political attitudes towards them as they are an aggressive minority population (seeking homosexual 'converts' to increase the pool of potential mates that the homosexual is able to have intercourse with [driven by the need to propagate ones genes but in the wrong gender causing quantifiable harm to the majority heterosexual population. 10) Homosexuals are thus accordingly both subversive and a form of sexual and political criminality as by seeking to normalise undesirable sexual mutations they are causing quantifiable harm to the majority population in a similar way to rapists and murderers do. Remember that in both rape and murder there are also genetic explanations and causes for this kind of behaviour (e.g. psychosis), which removes the (now) common homosexual argument that because it occurs in nature it must be accepted by the group. 11) Accordingly opposition to homosexuals andor opposition to the normalisation of homosexuality is not irrational (i.e. a 'phobia' about or 'irrational fear of' homosexuals homophobia but rather is a rational position taken on the ground of group benefit before individual whim.