I have no formal education in logic or philosophy, but here goes. This is all just based on random thoughts I had, but was sparked from the whole 1984 thing. If I had the necessary programming knowledge, I would have the ability to build a calculator that can do "correct" math for every single calculation possible, with the exception of 22. I can rewire something somewhere to make it permanently think that 225. Now this leads to the simple "what-if" situation of if we could just be wired wrong in that respect. However, humans take things an extra step, probably in more ways than one. One of these ways is trial and error. For example, even if we were wired from birth to believe that 225, we would quickly realize the problem when we are doing simple tasks such as measuring or counting, and what we expect to come out as a 5 keeps being a 4. So what I am proposing is a lot more far-fetched than simply that we are calculating things incorrectly. In order to explain what I am actually proposing, let me use the artificial intelligence analogy again. Say I built a robot which has a calculator but also can use basic learning like humans to make sure its calculations are correct. I could still trick the robot into believing that 225 by simply manipulating every single one of its experiences so that they are consistent with this belief. Say it sees 2 apples, and then it sees someone walking over with another 2 apples. Right before putting down the two apples next to the other two, a 5th apple is subtly placed there as well. The A.I. never realizes that it is being tricked. Although unlikely, taking Matrix-like situations into account you can't rule out the possibility that this could be happening to us, can you? To put a nail in the coffin consider this. Instead of "225," consider "5.48683 x 3.68943 20.." If I told you that I could be tricking you with that equation, you would be very quick to accept that possibility because you don't have that one memorized. But the problem is as you get simpler and simpler there is no hard boundary where math becomes magically something you "know" 100. You will be more and more confident with your knowledge as the numbers get simpler and have less digits, but it never becomes something you know with complete certainty, even the idea that "11 2." Essentially my point is that everything, even the most basic foundations of our logic, could be completely wrong. I can prove this simply because I can imagine creating an artificial intelligence in a controlled environment with flawed basic logic. EDIT: And, in case you didn't get this, I am trying to say that we could be "programmed" to have an incorrect belief just like the A.I., especially if we are in a matrix or Brain in a Vat situation. TL;DR: see my conclusion paragraph above. [Here is my response comment] Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!