To clarify, I completely understand intersectionality and believe I'm fairly well acquainted with contemporary feminist academic theory; I think that terms like rape culture or white privilege can be applied in that sense, and proven to a certain extent. (For instance, I could easily show via statistical modeling that, controlling for other factors and each independently, differences in class, race, sex, education, etc confer an advantage or disadvantage). I choose these particular terms because they are often used outside of an academic setting, and for more than explaining the cause of variation; both are the center of extensive education campaigns, which are focused on helping the general population (particularly white males) understand the advantages they have due to their race or sex, and the small and subconscious ways that they and others disadvantage people based off of their race or sex. I don't feel that this is helpful, because the call to action is either very vague Don't do this stuff!, intended to discourage dissent on the subject Check your privilege! or simply not visible at all; I feel that time spent discussing these with folks who are unaware would be better spent advocating specific action (e.g., "African Americans typically get a worse education if you think that's wrong, call your senator and request more funding for inner city schools," etc). You will change my view if you can show: 1) A clear explanation real world example of how education on white privilege disrupts racist activities or benefits minority communities without taking away from other efforts to do so 2) An clear explanation real world example empirical data set that shows that educating people on rape culture is the most effective (or even moderately effective) means of preventing rape. EDIT I want to thank everyone who posted here for their opinions and a really solid, thoughtful discussion. As a result of this discussion, I'm changing my stance on this issue. I think terms like "white privilege" and "rape culture" are very helpful in understanding the root causes and complexities of their respective issues, and that (for those who are predisposed to be thoughtful and listen), they are more likely to support the type of discussions that will result in educational and outreach programs that address the root cause of the issues. I do still believe there are contexts in which either term is not only not helpful, but harmful: if you are trying to convince someone to take action about an inequality, or to behave in a different way, trying to educate them on unconscious ways in which society as a whole is racist or sexist is likely to predispose them to disagree with you, because they will view this as an implication that they, in particular, are racist, sexist or overprivileged. Putting people on the defensive makes them too busy arguing with you to listen to what you are saying, unless they are exceptionally open minded people. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!