Many (but not all) libertarians consider themselves minarchists; those who view the only legitimate role of the state to be protecting life and property from aggression. Under this view, national defense, police, courts, and prisons are generally justified, but nothing else. George Monbiot lays out the inconsistencies of property rights as generally advocated by most libertarians here: Note that his argument does not actually render libertarianism unjust or inconsistent, but does attack selectively-enforced property rights. In order to be consistent and just, landowners have to be able to defend their property against pollution and other forms of degradation. All advocates of minarchy that I have seen claim that environmental protections can be achieved through tort law, and many claim that such an approach would protect the environment better than current state-based protections (US EPA, etc.) However, modern attempts to do so have generally been dismissed for failure to establish standing, or to identify who is liable. People have already tried and failed to recover damages for climate change, for example. If a farmer experiences crop losses which can be traced to climate change, who would she sue? The oil producer? The coal miner? The distributor? Each and every user of fossil fuel in the world? Many environmental problems are the aggregate result of individually insignificant actions. One person driving 20 miles to work, or throwing a candy wrapper out the window, does not create an environmental disaster. An entire country of individuals all relying on fossil fuels, on the other hand, does create a problem. So would a busy highway where every driver thought it acceptable to litter. Because of the problems of redressing such aggregate action through lawsuits, enforcement through criminal law is a more effective way of protecting property rights. Therefore, a minarchy could include an environmental protection component similar to today's US EPA. Without arguing against the idea of minarchy itself (I am not a minarchist, I just want to communicate with them better), please change my view.