While I do believe that gun ownership is an issue of freedoms, I do not buy the argument that it's any good in case the government goes rogue. I'm still undecided about personal safety, but these are matters for another debate. While I do believe that armed resistance is a useful tool against the government, I don't think legal weapons will ever be any good against the state. If weapons owned by citizens have ever proved useful it is because they were illegally obtained, manufactured and against a government with a not very advanced fighting force. The military will always have better weapons, better training and easier availability and will overwhelm armed citizens easily. That is not to say that I am dismissing the notion that a citizen's revolt would be successful. I just don't think the second amendment will add much to its success - or failure. Edit: I think my stance on this has somewhat shifted; in that I failed to recognise the capability of firearms as survival tools in a war of attrition, and that is a significant edge. I still think the need for illegal weapons and other tools are more important and what will really make any difference, but in the case that I need to get there, I would rather be with a gun than without. I still am not convinced that gun laws don't need to change, but that was never the question and I think my stance has shifted enough that I need to hand out some deltas. Cheers! Edit 2: I also did not initially consider the possibility of smaller scale violence and its opposition by the citizenry. Edit 3: There seems to be some discussion here suggestion a spontaneous uprising. I do not find this a likely scenario and it would be nice if further discussions discussed why it is, in fact a likely scenario, or how an uprising could form. State support was mentioned, and I do find that interesting. Thanks for the responses. I'm out for the night. Maybe. Cheers again! Edit 4: As a bonus question, and this is pure speculation - what do you think might precipitate an armed rebellion. I do hold the opinion that the government is not the most "free." Drones, financial irresponsibility, wars and then some. So when would that point be that the second amendment would be vindicated in its role as a check against tyranny (without pointing to the past) Edit 5: Ok - from what I have gathered the second amendment is viable because - 1) It makes a conflict between the government and its people more expensive in terms of lives lost 2) On a small scale - it can be an effective check 3) The government will be less forceful when fighting its people 4) The gun is a survival tool, and a conflict of this nature just needs to be prolonged 5) The necessitation of deadly force on the part of the government because of gun ownership is a good thing as it would undermine the government