Now bear in mind that I have no problem whatsoever with people owning pets and finding some sort of consolation in keeping them, but over the course of my lifetime, I've noticed some disturbing things about pet owners that make me think that there might be some pathetic or even sinister motivation behind the keeping of animals as compulsory friends. Also bear in mind that I don't mean to take on an argumentative tone so much as learn more about why people keep pets in the first place. Basically, I can bake down my discomfort with the whole idea on the following bases: 1) Anthropomorphism. While we don't exactly have a good theory of consciousness (what are plants thinking of, anyway?), I think that it is safe to say that Americans tend to project very human personalities onto their pets in a way that seems desperate and divorced from reality. I've known several people in my life who have said things like "My dog is very proud and headstrong" or "My cat is nobody's fool" and other statements that would be unobjectionable if said about humans, who are capable of pride and social savviness. When they are said about animals, however, it strikes me as tremendously sad. Now, while I don't doubt that animals are capable of emotions or even cleverness, I think that it is silly to take for granted that animals are capable of having complex thoughts or inhabiting complex states, at least to the extent that people seem to think. Given how easy it is for even a small child to fool a household cat, I can't imagine that so stupid a creature would be capable of something like pride or resentment or shame. But people seem to treat them as if they were human, and capable of all the emotions, motivations and cognition of a human being. Also, and this seems almost like a cliche, but I have noticed that the personality traits people ascribe to their pets tend to be VERY similar to the personality traits of the owners themselves. It's no big mystery why humans do this (see, e.g., Jeff Winger's pencil speech), but I think that people who do this regularly are probably suffering from at least some form of loneliness. There are enough people in the world to reach out and connect to without having to resort to elevating a beast to human status. 2) Pet custody. It is a not uncommon practice for divorced couple to fight protracted legal battles for the custody of a family pet. I once worked with a man who brought his dog to work because he only had custody on the weekdays, and wanted to spend as much time with the dog as possible before ceding it to his ex-wife on the weekend. I think the absurdity of this situation speaks for itself. And I think that this sort of behavior is symptomatic of having far too few friends and having far to much time and imagination on one's hands. 3) Good treatment of pets relative to treatment of people. Again, I might be a victim of selection bias (I grew up in a subdivision populated almost entirely by pet owners with money and time to burn, whereas I was a child of immigrant ex-farmers who, in their youth, had to kill animals for food), but I've seen no shortage of people who would spend untold hours walking the dog, but spend less than half that time with their children. And I've seen obese owners obsess over keeping their dogs lean, while at the same time watching their children grow up into little starch bombs. Either I was raised in a neighborhood with a disproportionate amount of sociopaths, or there is a tendency to agonize over the health and treatment of an animal at the expense of the proper treatment of a child. And all this is to disregard the not insignificant expense of keeping a pet. 4) Outrage at the deathmistreatment of (fictional) animals in the movies. I first noticed it when I saw The Ring as a teenager (why I saw that piece of trash, I don't remember). Of the numerous deaths and "frights" of that film, none seemed to disturb the audience than the scene where that black horse jumps off the boat to be chewed up by the propeller. People were gasping in the audience. I even heard one girl cry "Oh no, horsey." Seriously. I'm sure any of you can think of an example of when the death of an animal in a film seemed to impact the audience more than the deaths of the human characters. While I recognize that we may be, in some sense, desensitized to murder of humans in the movies, but there must be something seriously wrong with someone who would freak out more over the death of an animal than of a person. Tony Soprano, of course, comes to mind (R.I.P., Cosette and Pie-Oh-My). Put more simply, imagine the movie Inglorious Bastards also featured the brutal slaughter of Blondi, Hitler's dog. I'm betting that a small proportion of the audience would begin to hate the protagonists, despite the fact that the whole draw of the movie was seeing those guys tear ass around Germany slaughtering Nazis. Why? I would argue that a person who reacts that way has to be at least slightly sociopathic. ANYWAY, thank you for letting me ramble. I very much look forward to hearing your thoughts. [PREEMPTIVE NOTE: seeing as it has nothing to do with my point, there is no need to bring up the documented physiological or psychological benefits of keeping pets, as the tradition of keeping pets predates that data, and furthermore I doubt that the average dog owner would say "I only bought Rover because I'm afraid of cancer