Reddit has a lot of really goddamn shitty anti-women views that while not universal are fairly common. One of the experiences I had going to university was that a lot of my worldviews were challenged very strongly and vocally, and more importantly I learned that some shit I believed in was so not okay that I shouldn't even articulate it unless I'm really prepared to defend it. When forced to defend casual statements that people called me out on, I was forced to re-evaluate my views and through this grew and matured as a person. I can't help but notice that people who I interact with who are under 20 or so and frequent reddit enough to mention it in public for some reason seem to not only hold some pretty strongly anti-woman views feminism is evil" without having a tiny grasp of what feminism is, the "friendzone" is a real thing and not an awful manipulative concept, etc.) which they can't even begin to articulate a defence of when called on. I think that tying opinions like this consequence-free to an anonymous internet points community does nothing more than validate these opinions without encouraging critical thinking about them at all, and that to a lot of younger members on this site they're lead to think that these extreme views are the norm and are acceptable. I do think SRS goes overboard sometimes, I do think that there's an extent to which they miss that sometimes jokes do make fun of people and that's an uphill fight you'll never win. But I also have a huge problem with the idea that they should be totally hands off. Maybe if people want their internet points they should have to contend fairly with gangs of people who, oh, say, think joking about raping babies should be frowned upon in a public place. It's not a freedom of speech issue, it seems like the rule is set up for freedom from consequence of speech where the people who would normally most strongly object are already frequenting the same part of the site and thus most likely to be perceived as "vote brigading" and thus their voice is basically cut off. edit: these downvotes are definitely changing my view.