I just don't see how it's possible. Yet, I'm confused because it seems like there are so few bars on earth that I can even walk into without being assailed by loud music. I'm not a curmudgeon either; I'm 23 years old and apparently should find a way to enjoy places like this. Not that I'm against loud music either, but it has its setting. If you go to a concert then the music is the main event; people are primarily there to enjoy the live performance and not only does it seem acceptable for it to be loud but even at times a part of the performance and art of it that the vibrations overtake the audience in a way that makes them feel the music is physically as well as audibly experienced. I'll also sometimes play loud music in my own home during the daytime, especially classical music as it contains many instrument voicings and dynamics that can't be fully appreciated when you aren't hearing it at concert volume. However, this is a solitary activity and it would be rude for me to keep it going if I were entertaining company. At a bar, conversation is the event. You're specifically coming in to spend time with other people and share drinks with them. They build tables in round or half-round shapes so that you can face your company as you drink, as if to have a conversation. Yet, the recorded music is played so loudly that it's utterly impossible to do one of two things that you're there to do. Why would I want to drink with someone if I wasn't going to talk to them? I can not talk to people when I drink alone at home and much more affordably and with much higher quality spirits. My fundamental confusion is this, I've never heard anyone speak positively about a bar where loud music is played even once. I've never heard anyone make an argument or even be capable of conceiving of an argument as to how such an establishment could be an enjoyable place to spend your time. I have no idea if anyone on earth has an intellectual notion as to how it's even acceptable to support such an inconsiderate establishment. Yet, almost all bars are like this. So I see a sharp disparity between the intellectual understanding of a good time and the establishments that exist. How can this be? Edit: View changed.