I visited San Francisco a few weeks ago - in part to see if I may eventually want to move there. Especially in the tech industry, the San Francisco Bay Area has earned a reputation as a mecca for programmers from around the world; there are more companies, a much wider variety of work, and a thriving community around these things. However, I also consider factors besides my career, and I would expect those things to be mostly concentrated in San Francisco rather than Silicon Valley: culture and entertainment, for example. I stayed in Union Square and was underwhelmed. It's not that it doesn't compare favorably to St. Louis, Missouri, where I'm from, but that it's not really head and shoulders above, say, Chicago. I did not really get a sense of something exciting happeningto do around every street corner (in this regard, perhaps expectations had gotten too high in my head). To get a sense of night life, we took a look up and down Powell Street (I think), which seemed to have lines of bros building up in front of them (not my style); we did not make it to the Mission District Friday night if that could have been better. Regardless, day and night, it appeared the gender ratio was less favorable than, again, Chicago, where I found the women to be particularly friendly. The gender ratio did seem similar to St. Louis but with the advantage that there were fewer families and married couples and more young people too. (Again, I am looking at cities from the point of view of a 29-year-old single heterosexual male) The weather was nice, and the proliferation of small, street-level businesses was interesting. There were some nice parks, awesome views, and more functional public transit. The main thing that weighs San Francisco down is the price tag. If I compare the (again, ignoring career) experience I could get living in San Francisco with living in Chicago, the cost of living doesn't seem worth it. An advantage St. Louis has over San Francisco (or Chicago) is it's much easier to be "a big fish in a small pond." There are some resources for startups in St. Louis starting up, and St. Louis is craving anything that could be a boost to the local economy or reputation. There are lots of spots in the City that aren't too terrible for crime where real estate is cheap and perhaps vacant. St. Louis's risk aversion and lower openness, though, may make deviating from the standard path a much more lonely experience than in reflexively liberal San Francisco. Overall, did San Francisco seem nice? Sure. Does it stand appreciably above other cities in its league (e.g., Seattle, Chicago, Los Angeles, Boston, New York)? Not necessarily. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!