Edit: OK so I give. My view is probably more a matter of preserving my romantic notion of the pursuit of truth rather than the reality of having to learn from existing natural experiments either to generate more meaningful hypotheses or to have the rigorously gathered data needed to perform retrospective studies. My friend and I had an argument about what is science. My initial position was that until you begin to formulate and test hypotheses what you are doing isn't science. For instance, coming up with ideas, being rigorous, and being an expert does not make you a scientist. This is not to say that ideation, rigor, and expertise are not neccessary, just that you do not have science with without something to test and the means to test it. As an aside, another concern I had was that we give credence to the creation of ideas without the process then you are labeling a process "science," with its associated authority, when it should not have that authority. Ultimately, the value of science is in how it tests our understanding of the world so why should we allow ourselves to call the entirety of our research efforts science? Apparently, I've offended people with this view in the past so please don't take this positon as an affront. I actually am leaning towards my view being incorrect, but I was hoping reddit might be interested in discussing the topic and also might remove this sense of ambivalence that I have about the matter. I have done the usual search for answers, but I haven't found a nice conclusion. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!