The British took and took during the 18th century. They even got it to be called the British century. Their aggressive, oppressive imperial culture is quite plainly put, evil in my eyes. Their invasions need no real introduction. They fought againts eveyone from next door Ireland and Scotland to countries at the other end of the world. And their greed got them a whole lot of wealth and they have never had to pay for their crimes (slavery, colonialism, imperialism all of which I feel are worse than genocide as in the former humans are made to feel prolonged sorrow and pain that is passed down to their progeny). I think this is utterly unjust. It is quite simply unbelievable that Hitler is considered the worst human of all time by the common man while every newspaper in the world had cover stories about the Royal wedding. The royal family is possibly the most evil family of all time! Moreover, they still possess a very haughty culture that looks down on anything that isnt British. The unionjack is worn by celebrity and commoner alike (while the swastika is outlawed in many countries). Their has been a lot of ill will to all non-white immigrants in the UK as well. This article demonstrates how arrogant and remorseless the British are of their history The British have invaded 90 of countries . The author is quick to note his amoral stance, which I dont believe is far removed from being remorseless. And if Murray wins the Wimbledon, we'll see an explosion in British patriotism over the next few weeks. I dont think the argument that they wereare a lesser evil compared to their European counterparts. The Spanish being barbaric doesnt make what the British did morally acceptable. Stealing is still stealing whether you do it 'nicely' or not. I also dont buy the argument that they 'developed' the countries they ruled over. All development was to the economic ends of Britain. Moreover what a patronizing attitude that is, to 'develop' and 'civilize' the native. Their entitlement knew no bounds not unlike the church's ordinance from God. The legacy that they have left behind in their colonies is a black one that the colonized can never expunge from their identity. Who would want to have the knowledge of being ruled over as part of their identity? The evil of the British will haunt these people for at least several more generations. The economic and social effects of their rule are still haunting the colonized. It is sad that the anglosphere is possesses such a huge moral dissonance on this issue. EDIT: Relevant Links: [A moral audit of the british empire] TL;DR: All balance-sheets require interpretation; but it seems clear that, even according to its own lights, the British empire was in grave moral deficit. [People's Hisory of the British empire] TL;DR: The Blood has never dried. Compensation for Colonialism-58 Trillion