I'm 23 now. I was raised by alcoholic father. I think there's a big hipocrisy around that. Alcohol is not considered as a hard drug although is more dangerous than many drugs considered as hard. It damages physically the brain everytime the person is drinking and conducts to various risky behaviors . It's the cause of many cases of violence or car accidents. I dont think that only the person who was attacker or drunken driver is the only one who is guilty because the alcohol limits the ability to think reasonably. I blame also the 'drinking culture' for that and, of course, the people who are standing behind it. I dont think thats the problem only with minority who abuse alcohol. I think that there will always be pathological minority and the cases of 'misuse' of alcohol as long as it is commonly used. It's like road transport and car accidents - as long as people drives car the accidents will happen. But existence of road transport is justified because it has far more pros than cons. I bet that just ambulances saves more lives than number of people who dies because of traffic accidents. I'm not including the benefits that comes out of highly developed transport and their impact on standard of life. But the alcohol is not necessary to life. I think that talking about alcohol like something innocent and approving it's consumption is morally wrong. Change my view. Links: [Alcohol 'more damaging than heroin' says Prof David Nutt] [Can David Nutt wean us off the demon drink with his alcohol substitute?] Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!