I want this discussion to follow the axiom "language diversity should be mantained." I don't really care if you don't think that to be the case. So "everyone should learn English as a first language and all other languages should be disregarded" is not going to be taken as a valid argument here. I might make a different CMV for that, but that's not what's being discussed in this CMV. (Edit: I figured if I'm really asking you to change my view, I don't get to set that kind of conditions so forget about that) I've seen a huge amount of postsyoutube videospodcasts, etc. supporting these two ideas: - The USA should stop forcing so much foreign language learning to its students. - Non-English speaking countries should still teach English because it's beneficial for its population's economy. The second point bothers me quite a lot. My problem with it arises from the fact that doing so only worsens already existing problems of social and cultural inequality. Why? - Only the upper and middle classes are able to learn English. Jumping from a lower to an upper class is already quite difficult. If we were to impose a language barrier (as we are currently doing) the gap between the lower and upper classes would widen. Learning a language takes a lot of time and effort. People from the lower classes usually can't afford to waste that much time learning a foreign language. Trying to teach everybody English only widens the gap even more for those who can't. I think all the effort many countries put into teaching their kids English should instead be put into making information available to them in their native language. Let's look at my country, for example. Here we all have mandatory English classes in both middle and high school. Of course most people don't learn the language because as most of you who have taken forced classes on a foreign language it takes interest to learn a foreign language. That leads to most jobs asking for a Cambridge certificate in English as a proof that you speak English. And, guess what? They cost money. While it's not too much, it's well beyond the reach of the lower classes. In my country school and university are both free. The best university in the country according to most international institutions is the free public one. We even give our poorest students (those whose parents make less than US 2'000 a month) a scolarship for studying at university. Our poor students could have equal opportunities but they don't. Because nowadays having a Cambridge English certificate is almost as important as a university degree. - People who speak languages similar to English are at an advantage. This is a simple one. I just think it's unfair that people who speak another Germanic language or another Indo-European language have it so much easier learning the "world language" than those who speak, for example, Japanese, Hawai'ian or an Uralic language. Supporting language as a lingua franca in such countries is readily accepting something that puts your population at disatvantage. What's even worse is that people who speak Indo-European languages are already at a better economical position when compared to the rest of the world. Why widen the gap? It's just making rich people richer and poor people poorer. - Of course, native English speakers have it easier than the rest. Native English speakers have automatic job opportunities everywhere. Of course you'd be better off also learning the language spoken in your target country if you plan on living there but you're still much better off than, say, someone who only speaks Finnish or even Mandarin, the language with the most speakers worldwide. Native English speakers also have automatic access to a lot of information. But that's not only because the US is a superpower. Non-natives also write their scientific work in English so even if I'm looking for a paper written by someone from my country, I need to know English to have access to it. Again it seems that instead of making sure to translate relevant scientific journals most governments are willing to "solve" this problem by teaching "everyone" English. But of course, that only widens the gap between those who can speak English and those who can't. And also encourages loss of linguistic (and therefore cultural) diversity. Now, reddit, ChangeMyView! Edit: View changed! Thank you everyone! I'd still support any movement trying to make a simple conlang the global lingua franca but you've made me realise that not teaching English right now is probably even worse than teaching it if equality is what I'm looking after. As even if a conlang would be a much better option and using English or any other natural language has a lot of disadvantages, it's probably the only thing we can do to help more people have access to all the information we have access to. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!