For those not in the know, [Mars One] is a Dutch company claiming it will land a human settlement on Mars by 2023. It recently solicited applicants to become one of the 'first wave' of Martian colonists, a privilege for which it charged 35 (depending on where you were from). I think there is absolutely no possible chance of anyone who sent this company money ever setting foot on Mars, and an excellent chance they will never see their money again. I would dearly love to be wrong though; a manned mission to Mars would probably be the most exciting event of my lifetime. So please CMV if you can! The reasons why I believe Mars One must be a scam: The budget is hopelessly misguided. They reckon the whole mission can be performed for 6b, which includes literally everything from the promotional video they just made to man first setting foot on Mars. They plan to finance this by selling the rights to a Big Brother-type show about the lives of the first colonists. This is hopelessly optimistic. The Star Wars franchise was sold to Disney for [4b] , and Mars One is hoping that it's TV show will be one third again as profitable as Star Wars - an IP literally driven by merchandising. This 6b figure looks absolutely pathetic when considering this is supposed to fund at least [nine missions] (eight tests and a human landing), meaning they intend to do something harder than the a project which took NASA 2.5b to do (Curiosity Rover) for a quarter of the cost. The organisers claim that the mission is possible with existing technology. This is not true; leaving aside the obvious problems (like the fact no technology exists to shield a human from that much radiation), there is a more subtle problem that a technology existing does not mean that that technology is flight ready, or that it could survive under Martian gravity, EM conditions or the heat of a Martian re-entry. Despite what elementary school has taught us, not all problems can be overcome by wishing hard enough. Some of these problems may indeed be unsolvable - the problems with human physiology meeting alien gravity are undocumented, but almost certain to be messy and possibly even unsolvable without biomechanical engineering radically redefining what it means to be 'human'. They claim they will also make some funds from the sale of new technology they develop. But this is a really, really basic contradiction between the above points - does the technology exist (in which case you can't develop it) or doesn't it? Mars One has opened it's application process to anyone. They are looking for a good sense of humour as a key application criteria. Not mentioned anywhere; an ability to pilot a rocket, an ability to diagnose radiation sickness, an ability to fix an ammonia leak in zero gravity. Mars One claim that they can teach these skills in the ten years before launch, but some of these skills are hard and you only get one go at getting them right on the mission. Who is supposed to teach them? Why bother teaching someone now when you could just find a qualified medic-cum-pilot a year before launch? You have a planet of nine billion people to choose from, you'd think someone will be both qualified and willing! In fact, the only real reason to make application open to the entirely unqualified is that you want your applicants to be stupid, because anybody clever enough to perform surgery under acceleration is clever enough to see the problems with the first two points I listed. And this is the key reason I think Mars One is a scam. CMV!