Out of all formsgenres of writing I believe that poetry offers very little to society and the world other than a hobby. With other forms like writing a biography, essay, interview, scholarly journal, report all of which can educate someone. A fiction novel of many varieties, comic strip, graphic novel, compilation of jokes, a satire, a parody, folklore, a theatrical play, a diary or a script can all entertain someone. Messages can be transferred from one to another in articles, lists, reviews, letters, brochures, and advertisements to list a few. Although poetry can obviously be grouped in the entertainment category it seems to be the most useless in that category and if placed in that category, I assume if would find the most trouble in achieving its goal of entertaining an audience despite being such a popular genre of writing. As a Baltimore native, I can appreciate the poetry of Edgar Allen Poe, in addition to poets from all over the world. However, despite this, many people, including me, seem to vocalize more that poetry, more frequently than other genres, is the writing form where they gain significantly less from analyzing it than other forms. I know I may sound ignorant but as someone who has examined a wide variety of poetry through different mediums ranging from simply reading haikus, sonnets, epics, and free verse poems, amongst many others, and at the other end of the spectrum, attending poetry slams and interviewing poets I can still conclude that poetry remains the most useless, unenjoyable, and seemingly purposeless form of writing. You might say that the purpose of poetry is to provide an outlet for the poet to express themselves or a way for them to more easily send a message although I would refute that and argue that the other genres mentioned, more specifically the major genres rather than the less prevalent genres mentioned used as fillers to emphasize my point, would more effectively achieve these goals and more. Overall, I believe poetry is the most useless form of writing and the world hasn't benefitted much from it and would be virtually the same if poetry never existed. TL;DR: Poetry is the most useless major form of writing due to its inability to achieve any real useful goal and as someone well-versed with different types and mediums used to express poetry I still stand by my opinion and additionally believe the world would see very little change if poetry was never introduced. Edit: I've taken a lot of my ADHD medication to type my history final paper so I guess you could say I wrote... a lot... a looottt more than necessary and kind of rambled on a bit, so my apologies. I get completely carried away and find it very hard to stop. Annnnddd It's happening again... crap... just came on reddit for a quick break... now this... this was a mistake.... must. get. off! Edit 2: Poets and Haikus welcome! Want to see other viewpoints and maybe be entertained a little with some of your own poetry. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!