If the police were to place hidden speed radars in strategic places they would "trap" most drivers into a situation where they could be fined for speeding. If they were to camp outside of clubs to check drivers for alcohol right after big parties, they would "trap" most drivers into a situation where they could be fined for driving under the influence of alcohol. There are some individuals who believe that this is morally wrong (if not legally, in some territories around the world). They establish comparisons with racial profiling, and how that is inherently wrong. They claim that the mechanisms of law-enforcement must be blind to the probability of someone doing something wrong (e.g., you can't profile arabs based on alleged higher probabilities of a 'terrorist' being arab than french), and so you can't target drivers who are at a higher risk of commiting driving infractions. I disagree with this. I argue that racial profiling is a case of discrimination of plausibly innocent individuals, while if you put a hidden speed radar in strategic places you are only targeting drivers who are speeding, and if you put a police control outside a club to stop every car, you are checking everyone equally. TL;DR I believe traffic police are entitled to "entrap" drivers in situations of likely-infractions. CMV. EDIT: apologies for my being away. Will read and reply to your comments now. Thank you all. EDIT2: it's amazing how bad I feel when I'm OP at CMV... I always feel guilty of being unreasonable!! It's a hard exercise: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!