I live in New Zealand, and we are currently in the middle of "one of the most important elections in out country's history" (apparently), and I am not planning to vote, and I think that the campaigns that the electoral commission are running to encourage everyone to vote are stupid. A lot of the political-minded people around me don't seem to understand that some people simply don't have a view. When Helen Clark's government ended and John Key came in, did it really affect me? I mean, not really. Actually, not at all. If Labour win this year, will it affect me? I don't really think so. I'll continue doing what I do and people will continue to hate the government until a couple of terms later National come back in, and it still has no real effect on my daily life. So, therefore, I am of the opinion that I really don't give a shit, and it's not worth my time researching to try and give a shit, therefore I should leave the voting to people who know somewhat what they're talking about. And that's fine, and it's a generally accepted attitude here, but recently there has been a whole lot of guilting people into voting, with campaigns with slogans like "It's only democracy if you vote, idiot," and I've even seen some extreme ones with a picture of the earth decaying (something about climate change) and just a huge block letter "VOTE" next to it. If I were to mention I wasn't planning on voting to half of my friends, they'd be fine with it, but the other half would fucking grill me alive, saying that I'm "not contributing to my country's future." And this guilt makes people feel that they need to vote, and they obviously don't know who for, so they are easily vulnerable to manipulation. Just yesterday I saw a flyer in one of my lectures with a run-down on each parties' policies. Except it wasn't a run-down, in fact it had colour-coded which policies were good (whose opinion) and it basically stacked up left to right that right is evil and left is good. The green party also came in and offered free bus passes outside of peak hours for uni students, which is the most moronic policy in the universe, because it achieves nothing in the real words, but it gets a bunch of voters converted. I'm sure the right wing is doing it too, but the left is more apparent to me as a uni student. So in conclusion - people should not be encouraged to vote, they should be encouraged not to vote, if they do not know what they're talking about. People will vote for all the wrong reasons and politics becomes open to extreme manipulation of voters. The only reason the electoral commission is guilting people into voting is because they are all interested in politics, and don't realise that a lot of people just quite simply don't care. It's like forcing the entire country to watch the rugby (and honestly, the All Blacks losing would have a bigger effect on me than a change in government). Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!