I think that people that ride their bikes for pleasure or exercise on dangerous roads are, and excuse my language but, assholes. Yes, they are well within their legal rights to do so in many cases, but I don't think those laws are in place for their benefit and they only cling to that when people get upset about them riding on dangerous roads. If you are riding a bike for transportation, as in you're trying to get from point a to point b, not just for the pleasure of the trip, that is absolutely fine. You should be free to travel on any road you need to and cars should slow and take caution while passing you. I think the laws for bikers are put in place so that a bike is always an alternative method of transportation. It would be wrong to force people to only use expensive cars to get around, hence, we must give full legal rights to bikers using the road. Perfectly acceptable and the way it should be. However, when those that choose to make their weekend entertainment, be it because they like the fresh air or the exercise, they are morally wrong and they should stop. I don't think any laws should be passed to stop them and it is impossible for the law to determine motivation for being there, only they can. It is dangerous for bikers to ride on small country roads with no shoulders or busy urban roads with no bike lanes or shoulders. Again, if they're going somewhere, even if the place they're going is entertainment, that is fine. If they are creating that dangerous situation as their entertainment, that is not ok. Edit: post two hours, mind not changed. Still welcome views. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!