Specifically on reddit, but also frequently in public discourse, I see the idea that the American Dream is dead. More often than not, this is attributed to the idea that big businesses and wealthy people buy elections and votes that create policy that detriments the poor. I don't think there is anything remotely close to conclusive to support this, and that there is plenty of evidence supporting the opposite, or at least a different conclusion. From an anecdotal standpoint, every single wealthy person I know came from a middle to lower class family. From a more official standpoint, The University of Chicago did a study of all US billionaires, and found that 69 of billionaired were self made, meaning that they obtained their wealth through their own means and did not inherit. 20 of the billionaires actually came from below the poverty line. This video explains the picture of what a perfectly mobile society would look like very well. Basically, in a mobile society, 20 of children born in the bottom 20 should grow up to be in each other quintile. Now, the part I dislike about that video is that I think it makes an illogical and biased conclusion. He has excellent and accurate data concerning the likelihood various groups have of moving from the lower class to the upper class. However, he doesn't extrapolate the information to the conclusion I think it leads to. He explicitly goes into detail that shows that those born to lower class married households, born lower class and white, and born lower class with a college degree can expect almost perfect mobility, meaning they are just as likely to end up wealthy as anything else. However, black people born to the lower class, people born to unmarried families, and people who do not graduate high school, are extremely unlikely to reach the upper class. He also shows that the lower class as a whole leans more strongly toward not being able to reach the upper class. To me the conclusion is very obviously not that the system is designed to prevent upward mobility. To me the conclusion is that there is either a problem with the way society treats black families specifically (no surprise there) or a problem with black culture itself, or most likely a combination of those. Consider also that blacks are almost three times as likely to be poor, that two thirds of black children are born to single parents, and that black children are the least likely to graduate high school of any race, and it seems fairly obvious that the black population skews the statistics to make it appear as though the class you are born into is the greatest determinate to where you will end up. In actuality, it is a race issue, not a class issue. Now, to clarify, this isn't a "black people are inferior and do stupid things" rant. I'm merely trying to say that the focus should be elsewhere, as in how can we help the black community to succeed, andor try to change societies views that are holding them back, andor try and figure out the root of the problem. I think it is a mixture of being born in poor inner city areas with bad education (i.e. forces outside the child's control), and problems that exist with the way that the black community views women and education (i.e. social norms developed over time either in reaction to adverse environments, prejudice, or whatever caused it). I'm not saying that issues within the black community are genetic, inherent, or even caused by black people. I am only saying that they exist. Considering all of that, I believe it is in no way logical to pin social mobility problems on rich people trying to keep the generic poor down. I think social mobility is, outside of the black community, fine in America, that the American dream is alive and well, and that focus should be shifted toward aiding the black community to make it more mobile instead of focusing on redistribution or any other method of taking influence away from the wealthy. Links for all statistical information: EDIT: To clarify, this post is about poor people, not black people specifically. I go into depth about black people because they have the most influence on the relevant statistics and I think are the best example of what the real problems are. I also like to avoid being called a racist, so I probably filled my arguments with too many qualifications in order to avoid that. EDIT: I would appreciate it if those that choose to respond responded to my points. I'm not making the claim that people, including the wealthy, do not act in self interest. I am saying that the economic mobility problem very clearly affects a certain group heavily, and for that reason skews the statistics to make it seem as though our country has low social mobility. To change my view, or to create a constructive dialogue, you must respond to what I said, not what your gut feeling about the issue is. If you did not take the time to read the facts I presented, I will choose not to respond to you. EDIT: I see how what I said is unclear. I am not saying "ignore social mobility because it only affects blacks, thus our social mobility is fine," I am saying that social mobility is not an overarching problem that affects Americans, but rather a problem heavily influenced by specific factors that are extremely prevalent in the black community. This is not meant to say we have perfect social mobility, it is meant to say that the problem is localized to one group, and that policy should focus on assisting that group. People normally argue that social mobility is slim for American's on the whole, and that this is because the rich favor policies that hurt the poor on the whole. I am arguing that the American dream exists as it should for whites and non black minorities specifically because those groups have less prevalence of influencing factors. Thus, it is illogical to conclude that the rich detriment the poor on the whole, and a new conclusion should be drawn that searches for causes and solutions to the problems within the black community. I'm not saying ignore blacks to make it seem like we have better social mobility, I am saying focus on blacks because they are the group that statistically hold mobility back, and thus assisting them would eliminate the mobility problem since it is not experienced by other groups. Another EDIT: I should also clarify, though I thought this was fairly clear, that I'm not blaming anything on black people. I'm not saying any of the problems facing them are their fault, or that it is due to some intrinsic characteristics they have. I am saying that, statistically, social mobility is less in the black community due to a higher concentration of certain factors, and that we should be focusing on helping them instead of blaming the rich or providing more for other non black poor. My point is that, statistically, social mobility within other poor groups is what should be expected from a perfectly mobile society, or at least close, so focusing money and effort on those groups won't change anything. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!