I'm a huge fan of music, and I listen to most genres my last.fm] . I'm not much for classical or metal, but I can tolerate it somewhat. Country music is something I've never been able to get into, which bothers me more than I feel it should. I love the harmonica, banjo and guitar. Many Country artists seem to be very good vocalists, which I really appreciate. I enjoy many artists who are "semi-Country" such asTedeschi Trucks Band, Taylor Swift, America, Virginia Coalition, Alison Krauss, Eagles, Johnny Cash, Lynyrd Skynyrd, CCR swamp rock," close enough?), etc. I find that much of the country I've been forced to listen to is very similar, very simplistic without much depth of emotion or character, and tends to deal with a few subjects (love of course, drinking, farming, dirt roads and pickup trucks, etc.). It comes off to me that it's being written and marketed specifically towards people who enjoy this idea of "country" living that may or may not reflect reality, but that is easy to market since it's all very similar. Some of Taylor Swift's earlier songs sound prototypically "Country" to me in song structure and lyrical content. For instance, from Picture to Burn: I hate that stupid old pickup truck You never let me drive You're a redneck heartbreak Who's really bad at lying and "Our Song" Our song is the slammin' screen door, Sneakin' out late, tappin' on your window When we're on the phone and you talk real slow, 'Cause it's late and your mama don't know ...which I don't mind in small doses, but the majority of her songs deal with many different topics and distance themselves pretty well from what I'd consider "Country Music." It seems that the Jason Aldean Luke Bryan Carrie Underwood Kenny Chesney stuff is all really similar and overcommercialized, though I admit I can't listen to it for too long without getting pretty frustrated that people actually make money putting out such crap. A comment in [this similar thread about Country being "boring by uCrayshack says: Even among the popular country music, there is still the occasional artist that stands out. There is a concept that most of any given product is terrible, and you have to look past the poor examples to find the best of any given type of thing. Even without that, you are likely most familiar with country rock, which is the country music that is played on the radio the most. Are there entire genres of "good" country music I'm not familiar with? Which artists should I check out? I'm in the mood to have my mind expanded. Give me some links to some Country music which you think will change my mind. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!