I've heard a lot of people say that humanity will in the future expand into space. I'm not commenting on whether or not that will happen (personally I don't think that large scale extraterrestrial colonisation will occur but leaving that aside for the moment), I'm objecting to the idea that we have an ethical obligation to do so. I believe that ethics applies to individuals, that we can only have ethical obligations to other persons (be they human or non-human), and that ethics cannot be applied to non-person concepts such as a species. One argument commonly trotted out is that, if we remain confined to Earth, then a meteor strike or some other calamity could wipe out our species. I agree that this is the case. I also agree that everyone on Earth dying would be an undesirable outcome, thus we can characterise steps taken to avoid this eventually as ethically good. However I get confused when supporters of extraterrestrial colonisation make arguments along the lines of: everyone on Earth dying is bad, therefore we should colonise space. In my mind, this is a non sequitur. I don't see how having people living on Mars makes everyone on Earth dying any less bad. One could argue that having people living on Mars means that less people live on Earth, hence less people would die, but I don't accept this argument as it is likely that colonisation efforts would not have a significant effect on the population of Earth, just as the English colonisation of North America did not have a significant effect on the population of England; changes in population tend to be driven by large scale effects, such as famine or, conversely, abundance of food. One could also argue that we could see the meteor coming, and evacuate people to Mars such that less people die. I also thing that it is highly unlikely that a significant proportion of the Earth's population could be evacuated in the time we had before an impact. In any case, this argument fails because there will almost certainly be far cheaper and more effective meteor mitigation strategies. Other disasters that could befall the Earth, such as dangerous climate change, could be a reason to try to slowly evacuate humans to another planet, say, over the course of a century, but again this seems like an overly extreme and expensive way of dealing with the problem. So, to reiterate, I think that it is ridiculous to argue that we have an ethical obligation to colonise space, because there is no ethical obligation to continue the human species. There are obligations that we have to other humans, but not to the species as a whole. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!