I apologize but I have to begin with a personal experience. At the university where I attend, a female student was raped on campus. It is an inner city university and the surrounding neighborhoods are a little iffy. The university began to promote public awareness of how to suspect that someone may be up to no good, what to do if you feel threatened with sexual violence, how to react, and they installed emergency buttons around the campus that anyone can press and immediately be put on a speakerphone with campus police etc. This move was perceived by the poor girl that was assaulted, our Progressive Student Alliance, and many others as "victim blaming" and there was outcry that the focus should not be on educating students on how not to get raped, but instead they should be teaching not to rape. This was particularly ridiculous because the assailant may not even have been a student. I feel it is extremely offensive that people feel that I need to be instructed that rape is wrong simply because I am a man. Would anyone take it seriously if the victims of home intrusion rallied against the advice to get a home security system and that people should instead educate others that it is wrong to break into peoples' homes and steal from them? Why is this analogy any different? There are parts of my home town that I would not be caught walking around at night, or even during broad daylight if I can avoid doing so. If I got mugged hanging around there while carrying a sizable amount of cash, I wouldn't say it was my fault that it happened, but I don't think it is unreasonable to say that I probably should have been more careful. Rape is a crime. It is illegal and I am hard pressed to find anyone defending rapists. Rape is a horrible thing, but it happens. There are nearly 480,000 murders in the US and nearly 300,00 rapes. Why does no one scream about murder culture since it is 1.6 times as prevalent? I think rape gets extra attention because it mainly affects women and since nearly 34 of rape victims are women, it has become politicized. In the same fashion, AIDS research receives much more funding than research for diseases like Parkinson's or diabetes because it has the stigma of affecting mainly gays and minorities despite the fact that it affects a much smaller portion of the population. Most of the arguments I've heard from rape culture activists are actually fighting sexism. A woman is treated differently (or slut-shamed) for having large amounts of promiscuous sex whereas men get a pass for the most part. That is a double standard, wrong, and sexist. I don't need you to convince me that sexism exists. It certainly does. I need you to convince me that rape culture or the acceptance of rape on a grand scale exists. CMV. PS. I don't know her, but I don't personally fault the sexual assault victim at my university for her reaction. I do think her idea that men should be educated on not raping people is misandrist, but she is going through a lot right now and I understand how emotions can get the best of anyone in a situation like that. She was violated and she expects something to be done about it and that is understandable. I just think her solution is wrong. In a similar manner, many men exhibit misogynist feelings after being manipulated or taken advantage of by a woman. Eventually both a man or woman that has been taken advantage of will have to understand that not all men or women are like the one that has harmed them. Edit: used some wrong numbers from a Wikipedia article. Disregard the first part of the fourth paragraph. Edit: Apparently, the fact that women are disproportionately represented as rape victims is not true when you account for prison rape. I am posting down here that I have read your posts and acknowledge that. However, I feel it is slightly irrelevant because the burden of preventing prison rape should be placed on the state since they run our prison institutions. My post pertains to rape in the outside world. I'm not belittling prison rape, I'm just saying that it's a different issue. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!