I feel like y'all should have some fun with this one. I believe in astrology. I am not talking about the sun-sign-only astrology that says "all Pisces are gonna have a [fill in the blank] day." I'm talking about the involved kind of astrology where you make a chart of where the planets were at your time of birth and analyze the aspects these planets make to each other. You can also analyze how two people interact based on their planet placements. If you familiarize yourself with the more complex type of astrology, it will help your argument against my views. I know that there is no known scientific basis for astrology, so I shouldn't believe in it. However, so many of the things I have read in my charts and my romantic partners' charts have been dead-on accurate. I actually love learning about science and thinking critically about the world around me, so taking that angle would be appreciated. I do, however, have a strong belief that some things in the universe are too big and grand for human beings to comprehend and perceive. The reason I discount confirmation bias is because I have used astrology to analyze relationships events both before AND after the fact, and have found the same level of truth. I genuinely want to stop believing in astrology, because it has had a negative impact on my life. I tend to fixate on negative things. Astrology just really doesn't serve me and the way I want to live my life. TL;DR: Please help me stop believing in astrology! I'm not talking about newspaper horoscopes. Edit: I'm not trying to prove that astrology is a science. I'm pretty aware that it's a flaw in logic of mine, but I just can't shake it! I'm looking some different ways to think about this issue. Thanks to everyone who has respectfully answered me. Edit 2: I knew I could count on Reddit to talk some sense into me. Thanks to all of you folks who did not treat me like an idiot and especially to umasterrod for illuminating my reasons for deceiving myself and to uloughmiller for giving me a quick and easy test. I'm off the crack. On to real life. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!