Edit: It seems some people were unclear about what I mean when I say "Good Samaritan Laws..." I mean that there should be limited liability to anyone who chooses to donate food to the homeless. This is to prevent people (mostly businesses) from choosing to throw away good food instead of donating it out of fear of possibly being sued. If the fear of being sued were removed, maybe we could put all that food that gets thrown away everyday to use. I've worked in restaurants and grocery stores, and I now work in an industry where we host a lot of events at hotels, usually including some kind of banquet or group meal. They all have one thing in common: they all throw away perfectly good food. We had one event last year where we had boxed lunches (wrapped sandwich, chips, fruit, cookie) and we had tons left over. We asked the hotel if they could donate the left over lunches to a local shelter and they told us they weren't allowed to for liability purposes. This is definitely not the first time I've heard that statement. It's a continuous theme across multiple industries. And it's ridiculous. So much good food gets thrown away everyday that the homeless in my city, probably this country (or any first world county), would never have to go to sleep hungry. It doesn't solve all of their problems, but at the very least they could be fed. People are so afraid of getting sued these days (especially in America, where I live) that it makes them afraid to help. Good Samaritan Laws already exist in regards to helping people who are injured or in some other danger. I think these laws should be expanded to include donations to shelters for individuals and businesses. Obviously, if it can be proven that someone is being intentionally malicious (poison, illness) with their food donation they would be held liable for that. So change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!