Many supporters of moving the legislative process online do so with the idea of making the US democracy more direct. While hardly anyone argues for a 100 direct democracy, the internet might make a democracy with several thousand legislators feasible. This in theory would make congress much more representative of the nation. However the major problem I see with this (which I've never seen mentioned) is that in an online government it would become very hard to track the interactions between lobbyists and representatives and it would be much harder to track which representatives are blatantly selling their vote. In the offline system of government that we have today, lobbyists have register and all their interactions with legislators are closely recorded and scrutinized to make sure there is no undue influence like bribing. This is relatively easy because the interactions take place in the physical world and everyone knows everyone in Washington. However in an online democracy, online interactions between lobbyists and representatives would be virtually impossible to track due to privacy laws. Additionally, the more open and direct the democracy, the easier it would be for lobbyists themselves to become representatives, or for representatives to sell their vote. Of course in an online government there would be income reporting requirements like there are now, but like any law, the more people it applies to, the easier it is to avoid compliance undetected. It's already very hard to regulate the interactions between the lobbyist industry and congress and this is with only 535 members in congress. How would we regulate the interactions between lobbyists and a congress with several thousand members? So most of the brainstorming I've seen about online governments has focused on the technical aspects. However, I think the fact that an online government would essentially result in the deregulation of the lobbyists industry is the the biggest hurdle to establishing an online government. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!