Sorry for the long title but I think all of these events will all happen in tandem as a larger structural social change in relationships between men and women. Here is overall what I think will happen. I apologize, this will be long. I have sources below. We are already seeing online dating become the "normal" way to meet people, but in 15-20 it will be the ONLY way that is acceptable by society to meet people. Sorta like how when women go out with each other on a "girls night out," they don't want men approaching them. It will be like that, but everywhere. Everyone will be expected to "meet" online before actually going on a date in person. Right now, we already know how loopsided online dating is, even though it's becoming the "normal" way to date, as far as the number of messages women get versus how much they actually reply to (less than 1 maybe). So most guys already hate online dating and regard it as a waste of time but just do it because it's "easy." I expect this dynamic not to change at all over the next 10 while online dating slowly completely takes over with a few giants like facebook or google becoming the dominant players in online dating. Just like now how pretty much everybody has a facebook profile, everybody will have a online dating profile to check to indicate their relationship status and will be used to find dates. Now after the 10 year mark of this dating transformation (moving to completely online), there will actually start to be a huge decline in the male user base, due to the frustration that most men can't get dates online and it is now impossible to get dates in real life either since that is not an option due to the social stigma of approaching women. Online dating sites will actually start having a loopsided userbase where it is vastly female dominated, at about 5:1 female:male ratio. Slowly, over the next 5 years, prostitution services will see a huge boom in business, and will start moving to accommodate. A few years after the prostitution boom, along site of the normal female dominated online dating sites, there will be an equivalent "dating service" for all of these men, at a price, that will still be prostitution at it's core, but more like escorts or temporary girlfriends. Not the 10,000night escorts that politicians use, but more like the 200weekend type escort girls. In 20-30 years, there will be tons of these services around, and most guys will just sign up for these and just pay for "weekend girlfriends" instead of joining the actually dating sites. This will become completely normal, while the top 10 of attractive guys and rich guys stay on the dating sites where there are an abundance of women who will datesleep with them. This, of course, will cause a big population bust in the far future. As for women, a lot will stay on the dating sites and cycle through the 10 of guys on there, but a lot will just go into prostitution due to the boom of the industry. Yes this future of society sounds dystopian, so CMV. Sources: