I would like to preface this post with the statement that I am a man and also a feminist. My political views tend to be utilitarian, libertarian (anarchist), and structuralist (Marxist). This kind of puts me in the tradition of classical liberals who thought that people free to converse and act produced the freest (and therefore best) society. In real life, I tend to be more feminist than almost all the people I know, at least in appreciating feminism in the same tradition of other civil rights activities and in consideration of gender politics in social and cultural contexts. What I would like to consider for a moment is an evaluation of feminism from a purely structural focus. I'd like to discharge the ethical and factual context of feminism and look at the endgame of a feminist society. This society, I am concerned with is something like this: Women and men have equal access to wealth, education or if you'd like privilege generally. When it comes to asymmetric laws such as those affecting childbirth, the laws are consistent with what feminists want. That is, free access for contraception, abortion, etc. I'll not consider some of the social goals of feminism. I'm not sure if feminists think that rape would disappear in an ideal feminist society or which mechanisms they think would cause this to happen. Neither am I sure whether feminists think that gender ratios would all go to 50 under equal access to privilege so we can ignore this focus. The point is that under these circumstances, it seems like men have been stripped of just about every biological advantage. Women choose whose genes get passed along almost completely. Women have more access to contraceptive action: Morning after pill, contraception, etc. Since men aren't aren't allowed to use physical force, the way matters are settled are through social interaction where women have strong biological advantages. Furthermore, reproductively, almost every man on earth has become redundant. One man is enough to satisfy the reproductive needs of at least ten women. Without privilege, that makes at least 90 of men biologically irrelevant. This seems to imply a strongly uneven power structure. I honestly don't see any biological advantage to being a man in this context whatsoever except perhaps that men can usually masturbate more easily. And while masturbation is great, I can't see it as the basis of a free society. I can see no structural reason for men to advocate feminism. What am I missing? I'm not asking you to defend feminism. I'm pro-feminist so your attempts to defend feminism by definition cannot change my view. I'm asking you to change my view about the particular consequences of a feminist society. Read the damned post. People, I am trying to understand the important issues better. Very frequently, I am the only feminist who has to represent it to other people. It would make my job easier if I could represent how feminism makes for a better society and how it isn't emasculating. I am a very rational analytical person who can take any argument seriously if it's adequately supported. Even if an argument is difficult or goes against my beliefs, I will give it full consideration. Thanks to those of you that have stayed with me even in the face of a difficult topic. I apologize for using a bad title for this. A lot of people have a very hard time understanding why someone would want to discuss something theoretically instead of in practice. But by practicing, maybe it will become easier for both of us.