The United States has always been a land of immigrants, and the U.S. continues to attract millions of immigrants from across the world. Many have become proud Americans citizens who have undergone the naturalization process and have been productive members of America's society and economy. They are American, through and through, and contribute to America's diverse, unique, heterogeneous, salad-bowlcultural mosaic society. It shouldn't matter whether one is a natural-born citizen or a citizen who immigrated from another country and naturalized. And given that naturalized citizens have to take tests on American history and politics, they MAY be more politically aware and engaged than some natural-born citizens who take their rights for granted. Barack Obama was born in Hawaii, but he spent part of his youth in Indonesia. Yet, he was eligible to become the POTUS. Meanwhile, someone like me, who immigrated to the U.S. from India when I was two years old, and have lived here for 20 years, and am fully Americanized, am ineligible to run for President. The natural-born citizen clause in the U.S. Constitution is outdated, wrong, and discriminatory. I feel that there should be a constitutional amendment to overturn that the natural-born clause, and instead, require that presidential candidates need to have been U.S. citizens for at least 20 years. I understand the intent of the Founding Fathers in the wake of the Revolutionary War to keep the Presidency open to only natural born US citizens (expect for themselves, since they were born before the U.S. existed), since they wanted to protect the U.S. government from foreign influence. However, like several things that have persisted from their time, it is a relic that does more harm than good. Allowing only natural-born citizens to be President freezes out people who have made the decision that they want to be American and have actually pursued the knowledge of the US, its history, and its government to achieve this goal. Why hold one's nation of origin against them when someone who actually has gone after such a goal may be a better president than those merely born here? To me, this is a common sense proposal, yet, I'm perplexed that it hasn't received much political traction. And no, this is not because I want Arnold Schwarzenegger to be President .. Edit: To clarify, while I believe naturalized citizens should be allowed to run for President, people with dual citizenship should not be able to run for President. In order to be eligible to run as a naturalized citizen, one must renounce hisher citizenship status of any other country, and only be a U.S. citizen for at least 20 years before running for the POTUS Update: Thanks for the interesting comments! However, unfortunately, I have still not seen a convincing response that has got me to change my view on this issue