This CMV [pertains to cyclists] who dress in spandexlycra and have super expensive race-bikes (Dutch term), andor cyclists who do things like: ride several abreast while going up hills, [riding through red lights,] , act arrogantly, or show little regard for slower riders (like on bike paths). I find several problems with these types of cyclists: It creates an artificial barrier to entry: In places like Amsterdam or Denmark, all you need to ride a bike is... [a bike.] But motorists in the US see cyclists with several thousand dollar bikes and ridiculous clothing and think "Their's no way I'm doing that!" This small minority makes it look like you have to get that expensive gear in order to ride a bike even, for small errands. It also makes it look less utilitarian. A road bike has no space for a backpack, clothes, food, baskets, etc. This makes it impractical for commuting purposes, which is what most motorists think these people are doing. So motorists think to themselves "My office doesn't have showers, so I guess I can't commute to work by bike." I know they should just look up how to commute in regular clothes (i.e. riding slower), but... Road cyclists ride too fast. I know they're probably training for a triathalon or something like that, so I'd have the same problem if race drivers were using the streetshighways to practice for their race. Most road cyclists make slowercommuter cyclists feel unwelcome on the streets, which makes them want to go back to riding in cars instead of just cycling to work. It's already harrowing cycling in most US cities while worrying about cars. It's even worse when a super fast race-cyclist passes you in a bike lane with no warning or bell. Speaking of riding too fast, I live near a bikewalking path and I have yet to see a cyclist use a bell or slow down when they're coming to a corner. They usually just yell that i "didn't get out of the way" fast enough for them, which is ridiculous. This may be regional, but still. It's not a race-track; it's a meandering woody path with lots of twists, turns, and children and older people walking on it. Another side effect is that ridingtraining this fast is only a sport that can be done by young fit people, and thus [people who don't fit this mold] don't think of cycling as something they can do (even though it is). There's also a large amount of road cyclists who, because they do ride so fast, also wear helmets, which is something that most regular people don't like doing while riding a bike. This type of stigmatization leads people to not bike more often, which ends up making them choose the less safe alternative of driving in a car. To sum up, I think the safest thing for bicycle riders is more bicycles on the road, all cycling together. But I currently see road-cyclists as a group of people who are making cycling this thing that can only be performed by a small minority of people. In order for cycling in the US to become more widespread, it has to be more utilitarian, more open to people of all ages and shapes and sizes, and with as little barrier to entry as possible. Edit: Unfortunately, I still think that race-cyclists give generalcommuting cyclists a bad nameimage, because they currently seem to be the majority of cyclists that most US motorists come into contact with. While I understand that these types of cyclists aren't the entire reason why so few motorists use bikes more often, I still think that the imagebehavior they have is detrimental to getting more people to pick up the activity of cycling for utilitarian purposes. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!