Campus censorship is becoming an increasing problem within the UK as the NUS implements it with the goal of protecting minorities (but only some minorities, others remain acceptable targets). The Sun, a right-leaning newspaper, has been banned from sale at 26 Universities. In theory, this is because of 'page 3', but in practice similar content does not lead to the restriction of any other content on Universities. Pro-Life campaigning has been banned at 4 Universities. The NUS jumped the shark twice at their recent womens conference, where serious proposals included: Campaigning for abolition of prison. Encouraging delegates to use jazz hands instead of clapping because clapping will trigger anxiety. Banning cisgender people from crossdressing. Accusing gay men of appropriating black female culture. The NUS also busies itself with the task of restricting the viewpoints students are exposed to on Middle Eastern politics to that of being Anti-Israel. Boycotts of Israeli goods at 4 Universities no doubt have massively intimidated Israeli students. The broader views on the subject that the NUS holds have opened the floodgates for left-leaning Racists and extremist Muslims to openly denounce Judaism as a whole, and given them protection. No Platform is used to crush dissenting views on Israel. One major purpose of a university is to allow students to be exposed to a wide variety of viewpoints. The NUS wants only 1 viewpoint to be expressed: that of socialism, extreme progressivism and the destruction of Israel. They have become a parody of themselves and have been able to get away with it because nobody has formed an opposition to them. The vast majority of students do not support these absurd ideas, but lack of organization in opposition to the NUS has broadly lead to them being ignored. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!