Practically speaking, all three do the exact same thing, capture or kill "enemies" of the entity that employs them in exchange for a paycheque. Now one may argue that cops and soldiers believe in what they do while a mercenary only cares about money, but that is bullshit for a number of reasons. 1) Cops and soldiers do not necessarily believe in what they do. Some do, to be sure, but the fact is that the military recruits in highly marginalized and impoverished areas for a reason. There aren't a whole hell of a lot of people chomping at the bit to sign up for the military when they have other options. The poor and marginalied people who make up a large part of the military generally don't do it because they shit red, white and blue. They do it because, for many of them, it's the only way they can feed their family. That is to say, they do it solely for the paycheque, even if it's not a huge paycheque. Some soldiers may even harbour deeply anti-government views (Timothy McVeigh). 2) Mercenaries may care about the causes they fight for Some don't to be sure, but many mercenaries employed by the likes of Haliburton or Xe express high levels of patriotism. I don't see any evidence to believe that the average mercenary is less patriotic than the average cop or soldier. At the end of the day, there is no reason to lionize copssoldiers while demonizing mercenaries. Each individual cop, soldier or mercenary has his or her own motivations which may or may not be entirely about money. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!