Note: I am American and live right across the Hudson from Manhattan. My dad was at work right across the street from the WTC in the Amex building on 911, but escaped. Several of my friends' parents were killed. 911 was obviously a terrible crime. In terms of single actions, it was the most deadly and destructive attack in US history. Still, relative to the way people reacted, it was not that big a deal. It did not deserve one one-thousandth of the mania that followed and continues to this day. 3000 people were murdered. That's how many people get murdered in the US anyway every 2 months. For 2 months worth of innocent dead, the US essentially abolished individual liberty and human rights, proceeding to detain, torture, and spy indiscriminately and without accountability. Everyone was expected to accept searches and screens when traveling. We then engaged in a policy of permanent global warfare, invading, occupying, bombing, and assassinating our way across the Middle East, spending trillions of our children's dollars and throwing away the lives and health of our soldiers. Socially, we engaged in mass Arab and Muslim hatred, vilifying them in our discourse and entertainment, holding an entire region responsible for the actions of a few men. Politically, we handed the country over to war mongers and their corporate cronies, and gave them free reign to destroy our freedom, to loot our wealth, and to dishonor us with their evil. Opponents were silenced, those who promoted peace were marginalized. We mindlessly unleashed rage and hysteria throughout our own country and the world, and all of it for nothing. 13 years later, everything we've done has only weakened us and bankrupted us and brought us even greater death and trauma. 911 was like a Lion being bitten by a flea, and then biting off its own leg in response. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!