I come from a country with incredibly strict gun control laws (UK, although not where I live right now), and grew up in a rural environment. I have never owned a gun. I consider myself liberal to the point of seeing liberty as the ultimate goal of any good governance, and also consider unrestrained capitalism antithetical to my conception of liberty, distancing me from right-libertarians in the US. My ideal form of governance would be a federation of nested councils with decentralised social control of public goods (socialised medicine, free-at-the-point-of-delivery education, common land etc). I am also highly skeptical of centralised government in general, and hate surveillance and control measures. I empathise to some degree with those in the US that do not wish to turn over their guns to the government out of a very real fear of tyranny. This is not necessarily directly relevant to the issue, but I think it will help you understand my position. Guns where I come from are a tool, mainly rifles and shotguns for hunting and pest control on agricultural land, and not for personal protection, although in principle I see nothing wrong with this. Leftists and liberals in general seem to come from a blinkered urban environment in which they get their food from the supermarket, and see guns as a big bad that people use to kill others, when the reality is much more complex. Gun deaths are awful, and I believe that changing the wider culture glorifying militarism and violence as the solution to our personal and national problems will be a much more effective way to combat gun violence than simply banning tools that are useful, when these bans are enacted top-down by people who do not understand what guns are, and they are pushed for by urbanite liberal-centrist media commentators who understand nothing of real life in the countryside. Is my position reasonable? Does it contain contradictions? I've not totally worked out my position and feel it may be wrong, as our statistics in the UK show a tiny amount of gun violence in comparison to, say, the US. I'd really appreciate your thoughts. EDIT: So my title was something of an exaggeration. I am in favour of looser gun control in the UK, rather than no gun control at all. Sorry if I wasn't clear. The different examples and arguments are really cool.