In the Arkham video game series the Joker has been the main villain in every game. While it's arguable he shared the spotlight with Hugo Strange and Bane in Arkham City and Arkham: Origins, respectively, both games ended with Batman confronting the Joker. In all three games Joker consistently outsmarted and in some cases outmuscled various other super-villains most notably Black Mask who was completely made a fool of and his threat totally neutered. In the popular and acclaimed Scott SynderGreg Capullo on-going comic book series Joker used Two-Face, Riddler, and Penguin in one of his schemes and then captured them in a cage and left them for the police. In the most recent issue, spoilers ahead, Batman had to ask for the assistance of several other members of his rogue's gallery (including Scarecrow, Mr. Freeze, and Bane) to defeat Joker. In the Brian Azzarello's "Joker" graphic novel Joker humiliates and press gangs Penguin into laundering him money. Later he forces Two-Face to seek Batman's help because the former is scared for his life after Joker murdered his gang. Famously, Joker also displayed immunity to Scarecrow's fear toxin. When the Scarecrow attempted to poison him the Joker literally laughed in his face and beat him nearly to death with a chair. These are just a few examples off the top of my head. As my cmv title says, I think portraying the Joker like this, making him look cool at the expense of the rest of Batman's rogues gallery, diminishes and marginalizes the rest of Batman's rogues gallery to the detriment of Batman's mythology overall and the other stories writers and creators can tell. When Joker is always the scariest, the most deranged, the most in control, the most out of control, the slickest, and the coolest why should I read about Batman's other adventures against people who are less than? If Batman beat Joker we know he can beat Two-Face. If he survived Joker's mind games we know he can survive Scarecrow's fear toxin. If he got out Joker's death trap we know he can get out of the Riddler's too. How much better would Batman's Universe be if when, say, Two-Face was revealed in the first issue as the bad guy for a particular arc it was immediately an "oh, shit" moment rather than a "well, let's see what this writer has in mind" moment? Needless to say, I think the Joker is being Captain Jack Sparrow-d. I think Joker is being Wolverine-d. I am suffering from Joker fatigue. Can someone c my v? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!