I've been watching the news lately, and there have been a lot of murder trials where the amount of leeway given to judges in terms of sentencing. For example, in [a local case in Minneapolis] , he was found guilty of "second degree unintentional murder." Minnesota law defines second-degree unintentional murder as an act causing the death of "a human being, without intent to effect the death of any person, while committing or attempting to commit a felony offense other than criminal sexual conduct in the first or second degree with force or violence or a drive-by shooting ..." I think this is rediculous. If someone kills someone by beating them to death "without meaning to," what difference does it make? They killed someone, and I don't think that there should be a difference whether it was premeditated to kill a specific person, if you plan to kill someone but not a specific person (gang violence), or you kill someone on a spur of the moment. Barring extenuating circumstances like self defense, I believe that if you murder someone, motives shouldn't be taken into account even if you "accidentally" beat someone to death. CMV. Edit: I apologize for this but I had a bunch of stuff come up an hour after I posted this so I couldn't continue arguments. However, I've been checking in over the last day, and there have been some fantastic arguments on here, and while I still think that in many cases like I gave of "second degree unintentional homicide" are pretty ridiculous, there has to be a line drawn somewhere in which (as was pointed out to me by uuniptf where motive is pretty irrelevant in a trial, but intent is what is taken into consideration) intent is taken into consideration. Intent should be taken into account to a point. I still have a lot of thinking to do before I finally decide on where that line is drawn. I have to also have to say that while I may think that self-defense isn't murder, if you completely disregard intent, then it is a flawed argument on my part. As many of you have pointed out, the different degrees of the crime are ways of making sure that those who murdered someone get at least some sort of justice. I also have to thank ulearhpa for pointing out that in order for something to be considered a crime, you have to have a "criminal intent" towards this. I'm going to go through everyone's arguments and respondaward deltas for those who gave me a different perspective and at least changed part of my viewpoint on this. Last of all, I just have to say I really enjoy this sub. It's one of the few places on reddit where there are actual civil discussions on things, and I really appreciate those who took the time to respond.