I just walked into my living room to see my cat all curled up on my favorite chair. When I walked into the living room, I had the intention of sitting on that chair. However, there are other suitable chairs I could sit on instead to fulfill my specific purpose of being able to view the TV screen. It is my view that a cat owner in this situation should let the cat stay in the chair and the owner should sit in a different available chair instead. My reason is because the cat lives there too. The home is the cat's home too; the chair is the cat's chair too. The cat has every right to sit there as you do, and the cat got there first. (Exception A: There are some areas in the home that may be off limits to pets and that's okay. This CMV assumes this chair isn't off limits.) If it was your roommate housemate (for clarity, I think "Housemate" is better) in the chair and you wouldn't say "get up, I want to sit there," then you also shouldn't push the cat off the chair so you can sit there. Roommate Housemate of course meaning any person you live with or who may be at your home. And the reason I say "if" is because some people would tell their housemate to get out of their favorite chair. I'm picturing [Red from That 70's Show] or [the dad from Clueless] when he enters the dining room and Cher and her friend are at the table and he immediately barks at the friend: "Get out of my chair!" Personally I find these "favorite chair" antics very rude, but ultimately if you would kick another human out of "your chair," then that's Exception B to this CMV and you can kick your cat out of the chair too. Exception C: I do have one more exception - when you get up for just a moment to get a drink of water or use the restroom, etc, and immediately return to your chair to find the cat has jumped into it and taken your spot. It's okay to push the cat off the chair in that moment because the cat "stole" your spot in that moment - even though the cat isn't really aware of that. Similarly, if you walked in to find your housemate just took your chair like that, one definitely may say "hey, I was just sitting there; you stole my seat!" and expect the housemate to move. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!