I was recently reading an article on being trans in America and stumbled across the term LGBTQI. It made he raise an eyebrow because until now I've only seen it as LGBT and the Q and I portions were new to me. I did my research and have to admit that I'm more than a little confused as to why more terms need to be added. I've read on several different websites and asked a few of my LGBT friends what the difference was between queer and LGB and from what I've gathered it seems like an arbitrary term to just make people who feel like they don't have a label included in the movement. You can be bi, gay, a lesbian orand transgendered and still be queer, so why put it there? Also, another definition I received is that queer can also mean metrosexual or someone who just doesn't fit in with gender stereotypes. Well, my husband takes pride in his appearance and is pretty metrosexual but no one would consider him queer. I'm 100 down with the LGBT movement but am a straight married woman, by all definitions of the word queer as I've been told it, I don't fit into the stereotypical supporter I guess so would I be considered queer? All in all it seems like a very redundant term. The same with Intersex. The oxford reference definition is "An organism displaying characteristics that are intermediate between those of the typical male and typical female of its species." From a medical perspective the Intersex Society of North America offers: Intersex" is a general term used for a variety of conditions in which a person is born with a reproductive or sexual anatomy that doesn't seem to fit the typical definitions of female or male." Whereas, from a LGBT standpoint, Intersex Initiative has an interesting perspective that simultaneously links Transgendered people with those who have intersex conditions "First, intersex bodies are pathologized and erased in a way that is similar to how homosexuality has historically been treated within psychiatry. Even though homosexuality has been officially depathologized for three decades, transgender people are still labeled as having "gender identity disorder" and thus treated as something abnormal rather than a natural human variety. From this point of view, intersex is just another sexual minority that is pathologized and treated as "abnormal. And seeks to break that link: "First, some people fear that adding the "I" would give the wrong impression that all or most intersex people are lesbian, gay, bisexual, and or transgender. Obviously, some intersex people are, and some aren'tbut when we are dealing with young children and their parents, there is a concern that the association with LGBT would drive away parents of intersex children who would otherwise seek out information and resources about intersex conditions. Worse, the misperception might push parents to demand more surgeries to ease their concern about the child's future sexuality or gender identity. Among other things. My concern with Intersex comes from real life experience in having a nephew that was born with hermaphroditic genetalia. It seems like, just bringing up the Intersex Initiative webpage only, that choosing your child's gender is wrong. I guess this happens when there are people campaigning for a change that they themselves have nothing to do with, but choosing your child's gender because of medical necessity and fostering an environment where your child can grow up and like what they like and set a gender identity for themselves is more important than ideology. I digress. Please, if you can, change my view on what adding all of the most minute labels that actually kind of flow into each other can do for the LGBT community. Because in my most humble opinion, the movement is running itself into the ground with semantics. Sources: Article that started this: Intersex Initiative: ISNA: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!