Marijuana is one of the safest drugs on any market. You [literally] can't smokeeat enough to kill you. On top of that, it has a whole gang of health benefits. It can help people regulate [insulin] (helps diabetes), basically cures diseases that cause [seizures] , is an effective anti-inflammatory and pain killer, etc... I realize when smoked it can do some lung damage, but to me it's insignificant when weighed against it's benefits. Some people think it can cause schizophrenia and mental illness, but it's unproven. People basically just get too high and don't know their limits, which can also lead to an anxiety attack. Either way, the pros far outweigh the cons in my view. Other illegal drugs are dangerous, but their harmfulness is widely known. People who use these drugs know the consequences (see Philip Seymour Hoffman), but are typically too addicted or don't care. Prescription drugs on the other hand are easier to get, are extremely potentdangerous, and are widely [abused] . Add to that the fact that research shows prescription pain killers to be a [gateway] drug to heroin. Yet, prescription drugs are seen as safe because the medical industry and doctors say so. The point is, if you widen you view beyond the [money] making scheme that is western medicine, there's many natural remedies from ancient eastern medicine (Ayurvedic and Chinese). These medicines have been used for thousands of years, are natural mixtures, and have been thoroughly human tested. Why don't we give some of them a try instead of these lab created, mind altering "miracle" drugs? Note: I realize that many people do benefit from prescription drugs, but that's their purpose. Prescription drugs are supposed to help people. This CMV is about the misconception of how "safe" they truly are. Edit: Due to the same comments, let me clear up some things. I'm not trying to say eastern medicine is better than western medicine, just that it's an alternative. I realize doctors give specific instructions to patients, but the onus is on the patient and the use is not physically monitored, so there is a large potential for misuse.