I've watched all of Anita Sarkeesians videos, and I even enjoyed and respected some of the points she made. That said, I think that it's pretty clear that her arguments rely on very skewed examples, and as such, her arguments hold little ground. .1. The crux of her arguments, all of them, rely on the statement that media and pop culture influences how we behave. For her videos, this 'influence' manifests as 'misogyny' and a 'sexist culture'. Yet, when I look to her videos, I don't see any established and respected articles that make claims that back up her argument. In fact, I've never seen any articles that establish this, and have always found it to be the opposite - the society inspires culture, not the other way around. .2. Very obvious cherry picking, and, at the very least, directly misleading descriptions of game mechanics. The most obvious ones to my mind, and for the sake of brevity, are those of Hitman, and Red Dead Redemption. In her discussion of Hitman, she makes the following statement: "players are meant to derive a perverse pleasure from desecrating the bodies from unsuspecting female characters, it's a myth concocted mix of sexual arousal, connected to the act of controlling and punishing representations of female sexuality" This is deliberately dishonest on her part. Her video shows the player character (presumed to be her), moving these female bodies around whilst she makes the above statement - as if the game encourages and supports the act of you killing these women and playing with their corpses. Even if we ignore the fact that, playing as the titular Hitman, you can move all corpses around for the sake of hiding them from view - the game actively incentivizes not killing innocent civilians via a penalization for every "mistake" you make in your mission. Sarkeesian states that these women were: placed in the environment for that singular purpose Whilst ignoring the contextual plot elements they give if you choose to listen to their dialogue, whilst ignoring their (mechanical) purpose in game as a segment to sneak past, to ignore the justification they give for the actual "assassination" due to the targets mistreatment of them. Sarkeesian states that gamers are: invite to explore The ways in which they could 'derive perverse pleasure' by 'desecrating' the womens bodies. This is like saying that game developers invite you to explore the thrill of falling to your death in any game where you can fall from large heights - just because you can do it in a game, doesn't mean it's something that the developers, makers, and larger culture at hand, support. For Red Dead, the only segment's she chooses to represent this game is one in which a 'whore' is being attacked by a drunkard - in which Sarkeesians character stands and watchs the women die, representing this as the 'de facto' way that scenario plays out. Again, like Hitman, she ignores the wider mechanics, the fact that the player is encouraged to stop the above happening via a reward system and so on. By cherrypicking examples like this, Sarkeesian represents these games as incredibly misogynistic and violently anti-woman. And this is something I find in her videos all the time. .3. Relying on faulty, unsubstantiated, subjective arguments. For example - she denoucnes Princess Peach as a 'damsel in distress' and a weak character, relying on the men around her to save her. Yet, ironically enough given the purpose of her videos is to examine cultural and gender problems, the way she measures Princess Peaches worth as a character is by comparing her to the men around her, and as such, to a limited list of 'positive' character traits. Princess Peach is a weak character because she isn't physically 'strong' and 'capable' like Mario - but this is a comparison that draws on very 'masculine' character traits. Why doesn't she praise Peach for being incredibly mentally strong for being able to so easily and capably withstand the problems life throws at her? Why doesn't she recognize the very clear power Peach holds as a 'Princess' in her kingdom - a kingdom, that by all accounts, love and admire her as a princess despite her penchance for being kidnapped? How does Peach not being a playable character make her a worse character? Why aren't the games in which Peach is playable recognized? Are only male characteristics worthy of applaud? The only way to be a 'good' female character, it appears, is to be a female with all the stereotypical characteristics of a male. I think this is a very flawed and damaging premise. Again, these sort of comments are things I find commonplace in her videos, and I'm using the example of Peach for the sake of brevety. .4. Ignoring other arguments. Sarkeesian uses 'tropes' to examine the various ways in which female characters are presented in videogames, in a very general way. These tropes, she argues, highlight a 'trend' in the way women are treated in stereotypical and sexist ways. But to do this ignores the very obvious, very well established, male tropes that make up in videogames. I have no problem with complaining or criticizing these tropes as overwrought, but I do take the statements that these tropes are 'harmful' with a lot of doubt. The idea that a 'trope' is a bad thing is one I find falacious - many tropes are simply easily identifiable, relatable, recognizable mechanics of storydesignfunction that help set a groundwork for whatever is aiming to be achieved. .5. Refusal to open dialogue. I understand Sarkeesian has suffered harrassment, but I do not believe that is justification for the complete lack of dialogue towards her critics. So, CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!