When I found CMV, I was, at first, excited that there was a sub where people could come put out something they believe in that they know is controversial, and see if their reasoning behind it stands up to the scrutiny of others. However, I then came across posts that weren't "black and white," or were even posts that I agreed with! How could I, in good conscious, change the view of someone who is questioning something they don't know is "true" or "right," to something that I do not believe to be true or right? I can't, and so I must either abstain from initiating support for the Original Poster and wait for others to respond to them, or ignore the submission altogether. Also, the fact that the OP claims they want to have their view changed implies there is a right and wrong answer, and that OP is expressing the "wrong" option and somehow, deep down, knows it and wants to be convinced otherwise. Such black-and-white, right-and-wrong constructs are rarely true in real life, and so the whole sub-reddit is basically an echo-chamber for the majority of CMV postersresponders to put out the party line. On the other hand, rgue is a more balanced approach to controversial ideas and topics. A proposition is put forth, and than arguments are made for and against it. In this way, the sub allows both sides of the debate to put their best arguments forward and then allows them the opportunity to refute the others' arguments. On top of the format, the OP is not seeking to have his view changed, as the idea may not be his idea at all. It is even actually recommended to make a proposition or argue a side that is opposed to your own beliefs, so that you may learn something new that you may not have, otherwise. Please, CMV! edit: Looked up rdebate and rgue when I first thought about this. I totally meant to put rgue in my title, sorry. edit 2: ...I am a moron. someone (probably brother) must have added rchangemyview while I was logged in, because despite it having been in my feed for the entire time I've had my account, it is not, in fact, a default sub. I may end up deleting this to hide my shame, but I'll leave it up a little longer, jic. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!