How likely is it that Zoolander 2 related posts are naturally having over 20k upvotes over the first five, front page posts? I believe that this is an elaborate marketing strategy organized by a PR team to make the promotion of the film seem "organic" instead of a forced advertisement. This can only be achieved by vote manipulation which is a violation of Reddit's terms of service so they either working against Reddit's terms of service or are in cahoots with Reddit to pay for the placement. This type of advertising is becoming more and more common on platforms such as Reddit, because it makes the marketing message feel warmly recommended by the community referral instead of an invasive pop-up. Furthermore, as part of PR damage control, not only are Zoolander posts being actively upvoted, but I believe anti-Zoolander posts are actively being downvoted. CMV that Zoolander posts today aren't part of a large marketing conspiracy disguised as a natural occurrence. EDIT: Thanks everyone for the responses. Feeling defeated by a wall of comments and at this point I am willing to concede my conspiracy theory. A few users have convinced me it may be possible to spread a marketing message without relying on vote manipulation if executed correctly. I can only draw circumstantial evidence (at best) that this particular stunt was helped unfairly, and it's always easier to ask conspiracy questions that cannot be answered. I suppose Whether or not these early votes were tampered with in the end doesn't matter anymore because the PR stunt was executed so precisely and purposefully it would have spread regardless. I may not have awarded deltas correctly on mobile but will check again when I get home later tonight. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!