I believe in this day and age, where it is much more difficult to hide one's identity or run from the law, and would be ruinous to do so, it is unnecessary and highly unfair and disrespectful for police to still be grabbing US citizens and holding them in jail when they are only accused of a crime. Right now, a grand jury only considers the accuser's side of the story, and so this creates a hair-trigger situation where if anyone makes a convincing accusation against you, the police will come out to your house and grab you and drag you off to jail, and there is nothing you can say or do about it. And then several weeks or months later, you show up in court wearing shackles, guilty until proven innocent. I believe taking away a US citizen's hard-won freedom should be considered a big deal and should require a fair trial where a court listens to both sides of the story and gives the citizen a chance to defend themselves from the accusation. The only exceptions I would make would be with a serial killer or any type of active combatant, or someone who already has a history of moving around and changing their identity, or in the cases of obvious guilt where it wouldn't matter what the person had to say anyway. Example: Kim Dotcom, a citizen of New Zealand was advised by his attorneys that his website was in compliance with US laws, and genuinely believed he would prevail against any type of indictment or lawsuit. Yet US prosecutors were able to snatch him up like a wild animal and put him in a cage, and freeze all his assets. That's how the system works right now, everything is based on the accuser's one-sided testimony to the grand jury. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!