I see so much hand-wringing over the oversized influence of money from wealthy donors and corporations in the political process, but I've never seen a viable alternative presented that wouldn't be worse for both citizens and the political process. I think that Citizens United was decided correctly and that, if the rules it set forth are followed, (i.e. no cooperation between PACs and candidates) it is consistent with the 1st Amendment. The government cannot prevent individuals or organizations from creating political media that supports or opposes political issues or candidates. Media is simply too widespread and too central to the elections process to think that corporations won't find some way to present their interests in a favorable light and demonize that of their opponents. I don't see the difference between Fox News parroting the GOP talking points and Americans for Prosperity running an anti-Obamacare ad. The 'solutions' I've often seen to getting money out of politics all seem fundamentally flawed, such as... Public financing for all elections. My big problem here is: how do we determine who gets financing and who doesn't? If you sign up to run for a public office, do you automatically get a check? With the rise of political 'celebrities' like Sarah Palin and Herman Cain (who 'run for office' to sell books and get jobs at Fox), how will voters sift through to find the candidates with a legitimate interest in governing? Should my tax money go to the Nazi Party candidate, the Christian Dominionist candidate, or Communist Party candidate? If the only candidates who receive public financing are those who make it through the primary process, we're just shifting the problem down one level. Let politicians finance their own campaigns. And we end up with a government full of billionaires. Okay, more billionaires than we've got now. If Sheldon Adelson can't give millions to Mitt Romney, he'll just run himself. If he and his billionaire buddies are the only people who can afford to run, they'll be the only ones who run. Eliminate corporate donations, but keep individual donations. Now, instead of a government beholden to corporations, you have a government beholden to people who can afford to donate to politicians. How long do you think policies to help the poor are going to last? Again, you're just shifting the problem down one level. Pay politicians more money. Median net worth of a congressperson is already 800,000, with many members worth several million dollars. I suppose we could pay them all 100,000,000year, but there are hundreds of political favors that a congressperson could receive in return for a preferred vote. If I've left any viable solutions out, I'm sure they would CMV. But I also don't think the current system is that much of a problem. You can CMV on this as well: As above, there's just no way to ensure that politicians are influenced solely by the will of the voters. They will always be ulterior motives in the way a politician votes: at least cash campaign donations are more transparent that post-congressional job offers. Campaign donations are not a sure thing: your candidate may not get elected, or he may not keep his promise. 'Buying votes' is not a sure thing, even if it does correlate strongly to a politician's voting behavior. Look at all the money that Carl Rove's PACs dumped into the 2012 elections and the overwhelming lack of success. Is there a problem with money in politics if it's ultimately wasted? Elections are expensive. The 2012 presidential election cost 6.3 billion dollars, not to mention all the congressional, state, and local races. I'd rather have that money come from willing companies and individuals than from people who have no interest in participating in the election 'advertising' process. If a corporation wants to throw it's money away on a losing candidate: that's their business, but don't make me participate, or fund (even in part) a candidate who I vehemently oppose. I have a nagging suspicion that I've left out a viable solution, or that there's a huge detriment that I've neglected. Help me out and CMV!