So here is my problem, I have pretty much two interests that I actively pursue. One is anime and manga and the other one is association football (I won't give in to the American superiority in reddit and call it soccer). Obviously they are two different levels, especially in Europe (I'm from Germany). I know maybe 1 person who is also into manga, but my whole class was always separated by the two clubs in Berlin, which one is the better. But right now I am going through my first world cup on reddit and I noticed something. rsoccer was really excited, because they would not become a default for the WC and that way avoid one thing that is pretty nonexistent where I am from: "Hype-Fans." People not really into football, but when such a big event comes up they suddenly are someone who knows everything better. Maybe my friends and family are a bit extreme, maybe not, but I grew up with one team and would know what to talk about when I saw someone with a blue-white scarf. I may not watch the qualifying matches but I have informed myself about each and every qualifying game for the WC that Germany and France had and looked at the results of pretty much most of them. I don't want to state that I know a lot, in fact, I don't know a lot, but I know that I don't know everything! Now that the WC is here there are a lot of people, not only from the US, from everywhere, that will only turn on the TV for 3 matches or so and will come up with critical flaws in a game that is thousands of years old and they can pinpoint not only the flaw but can also solve it with that easy rule change. And that really annoys me (I never saw Batman but I saw the Bane meme a lot and think I am a bit like this, they only adopted my passion, I grew up in it, I was molded by it!) The fact is that it it were so easy to solve some problems of the game, either they'd be already solved or it would no longer be football, it would be a different game! So please stop trying. The same goes for anime and manga. I keep in an extremely small group of friends to discuss everything, because anime and manga are getting more and more mainstream and with that there are coming in more people who dislike certain things about it and want to change it, to make it "better." That is bullshit and I get so frustrated by it that I am not able to watch so easy things like "XYZ react to Anime ZYX" by the Fine Brothers on YouTube, something that is actually just humor, but I am unable to watch it, because I dislike someone with limited knowledge on hobby A reacting to hobby A. The same goes for me, as long as I am not 100 sure and preferably can give sources I keep my mouth shut. That stops me from really getting friends, but also keeps me away from any trouble, because I will form no opinion on anything whatsoever unless I have scientific evidence to base my opinion on. My problem is that I know that that is bad. Maybe it is good to bring people together via the WC and maybe it would be good for anime and manga to become mainstream, so that mangaka earn a bit more (though the community that exists at the moment would not like it). And it is generally bad to be so pessimistic, so please give me a reason to CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!