EDIT: I'd believe around 4 of discrepancies are caused by sexism, but that the major causal factor is sexual dimorphism. Sorry this confused a lot of people. I'm active in a few Feminist and Men's Rights subs, though I self-identify with neither group, and I am heavily involved in gender justice in my personal life outside of the Internet. I'm also heavily invested in science, data, numbers, charts, and everything that is logical and objective. If you expect to change my view by linking me to your blog, don't expect any deltas. First and foremost, I can never put this into large enough capitals, unconditionally SOMEONE calls me a gender essentialist. GENDER ESSENTIALISM IS WRONG. IT IS PROVABLY WRONG. THE OPINIONS EXPRESSED BELOW APPLY ONLY IN THE AGGREGATE, AND INDIVIDUALS WILL DIFFER. SOME MEN WILL ENJOY FEMALE DOMINATED FIELDS, SOME WOMEN WILL ENJOY MALE DOMINATED FIELDS. [Watch this video for 60 seconds, psychologist Steven Pinker and I agree 100] . Further, I do believe that sexism can cause a single person to choose a stereotypical gender role. I just don't think that sexism is to pervasive as to cause the massive gender discrepancies we see in fields such as speech pathology, turfgrass management, dental hygiene, engineering, and child psychology. I'd believe around 4 of discrepancies are caused by sexism, but that the major causal factor is sexual dimorphism. I pull from my earlier post on rFeMRADebates: At the population level, we know that there are biological differences between the male and female brain. Just like the rest of our physical body, there are more similarities than differences, but differences do exist. I'll list them and some citations below. I personally believe that these differences in brain structure cause differences in behavior. I also believe that culture influences our behavior, obviously, but I believe that our biology also plays a large part. Biologically, there are studies showing that male newborns show relative more interest in mechanical toys, while female newborns show relatively more interest in faces. Yet culturally, we sexually prefer a specific body type (which changes from generation to generation). Norway, considered the nation with the greatest gender equality in the world, still has a society with 90 female nurses and 90 male construction workers. Given the cited differences in brain structure at the population level outside of culture, I believe that this influences behavior specifically in choice of profession. I believe that women will tend to choose roles associated more with language and emotion (speech language pathology and human development and family studies both have 49x more women than men). While men will choose roles associated with spatial reasoning (turf and turfgrass management is 99 male), and aggression and danger (firefighting has 24x more men than women, and the military has 9.5x as many men as women). My beliefs surrounding the topic: INDIVIDUALS WILL DIFFER. GENDER ESSENTIALISM IS OBVIOUSLY WRONG. You can find examples that contradict the population level findings, obviously. [Some women like the military, some men like nursing.] Men are not better than women, women are not better than men [Men and women are equally intelligent] Due to the high plasticity of the human brain, [people of any gender can learn the skills required for any profession] equally well, [research has shown that while mathematics is mandatory, men and women perform at equal rates] There is no such thing as a "man's job" or a "woman's job" Forcing traditional gender roles on people is unethical, cultures should be open for individuals to choose their own path in life Wanting a role that is traditional for your gender is not evil There is no gene or hormone for specific job roles, like "barista" or "engineer" [Sexism exists] Culture affects choice of profession, but so does biology [Workplace gender discrimination] is [not a factor] in [professional choice] By being interested in a profession, you will have a tendency to perform actions related to that profession If you practice a skill, you will get better in that skill Changes in proportions in job roles can be due to reduction of sexual discrimination, or changes to the nature of profession itself (ex. addition of aggression, addition of emotion) Differences in the brain (not an exhaustive list). Note that many studies disagree with one another, but it is generally agreed within the scientific community that differences definitely exist: Areas associated with spatial reasoning and mathematics develop earlier in boys Areas associated with language and fine motor skills develop earlier in girls The male brain is about 10 larger The frontal area of the cortex and the temporal area of the cortex are more precisely organized in women, and are bigger in volume (associated with memory, attention, awareness, thought, language, and consciousness) Neuron density is higher in women (more neurons by volume) Language processing occurs over a larger area of the brain in women than in men, notably in the right hemisphere Women have relatively more grey matter, while men have more white matter Visual and spatial areas of the brain are larger in men Males have a proportionally larger amygdala, while women have a larger hippocampus Males have more male sex steroids like testosterone (associated with muscular development and aggression) Females have more female sex steroids like estrogen (associated with physiological development towards a caregiver role)