Yes, I did a search, and I didn't find anything but please advise me if that has been covered. Seems like a common thread, but maybe I'm bad at searching. Title basically says it all. Whether it is religious head gear, beards, special diets, prayer time, or anything else... I don't think your prison should have to accommodate it. If you wanted to keep observing that, you should have tried harder to stay out of jail. I don't have any figures on how much is spent on this, but I suspect it is not cheap. Even if it was only slightly more expensive or even the same cost as an inmate with no religious obligations, it is an inconvenience for the prison staff, but that is only a minor issue. My biggest issue is that people in prison are there because they did something illegal and they have a debt to pay to society. We should keep them alive and in no worse health than when they went in, but we shouldn't be concerned about keeping them overly comfortable. It is supposed to make you uncomfortable as a deterrent to doing another crime. I won't be convinced by any argument that ignoring their religious obligations amounts to cruel and unusual punishment. If lighting came from the sky and struck them for eating bacon or taking off their headgear then I might agree but the fact is that no harm has ever come to a person from ignoring their religious obligations. Furthermore, ignoring all religious obligations put all prisoners on equal grounds, which a commendable goal. No special treatment for anyone. I'm open to having my view changed, and I'll be here for a while. Thanks. EDIT: not sure about accuracy, but this one article claims that Kosher food for prisoners costs more than 2X the cost of standard food. It also creates a black market for this "special food." Final edit: my view has been partially changed and two deltas have been awarded. I now believe that religious obligations may be met if the inmate pays the cost difference between his needs and the needs of an inmate with no special obligations and if he she maintains good behavior. The inmate may pay the cost difference from his personal fortune, his family may pay it, or he can work a job within the prison to pay the difference. I believe that taxpayers paying for your religious obligations amounts to an unconstitutional establishment of religion, but actively blocking it amounts to preventing the free exercise of religion. I also believe that an inmate should have to maintain good behavior to receive this or any special accommodation. It should not be handed out across the board in hope of preventing bad behavior. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!