Please leave the footnote below the following line, but remember to delete this sentence by replacing it with the body of your post. Thank you! People who claim to support a cause but not nonviolent civil disobedience in support of that cause are more harmful to social progress than people on the opposite side of the cause "I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in his stride toward freedom is not the White Citizen's Counciler or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate, who is more devoted to 'order' than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says: 'I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I cannot agree with your methods of direct action'; who paternalistically believes he can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by a mythical concept of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait for a 'more convenient season.' Martin Luther King jr. I love to use this quote because many people love to believe that in cases of extreme injustice that they would would take a stand in a meaningful way, but the reality is that the majority of them wouldn't. People are far more content to nitpick the root causes and methods of a social movement as opposed to the underlying truth behind its message. It is of no value at all to support the Civil Rights Movement or Women's Suffragists movements decades after the fact. What matters is what's happening now, and the majority of people take no stance major societal problems. Instead of focusing on the disproportionate harassment and brutalization of minorities at the hands of the police, people want to comb through the specifics of the individual shootings that caused the blacklivesmatter movement to take off. A huge percentage of the American populace believes wall street has an undue influence on public policy, but conversely when some people camp out in lower Manhattan to put pressure on officials to resolve the issue they are too easily brushed off as lazy, privileged brats with no clear message. But actions are actions and words are words. They did something. Most people did and continue to do nothing. If you agree with the basic sentiment of a movement then you should focus on that instead of complaining about its flaws and giving cover to people who wish to maintain the status quo. If you have a better course of action then do it. Dedicating energy into poking holes in the methods of people who are requesting reforms should be redirected into specific actions instead of facile armchair intellectualism that makes people feel good in their apathy or chosen impotence. If you are more outraged by traffic being held up by a demonstration then you are at the root problems caused by the status quo you are more culpable than the people who support the the opposite side because you move the discussion away from the injustice that is being addressed to superficial issues of decorum and inconvenience that may resonate with a large number of people, but also give them an excuse to ignore the larger moral questions being posed. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!