Freedom of speech can be limited is several ways. In a capitalist democracy, speech has to money at some point. Different types of speech call for different amounts of time, money, and effort. High cost speech: Commercials, nonprofit organizations, billboards, documentaries, blimps, etc... Low cost speech: Printing and dispersing literature, social media, picketing, etc... Political speech is one of the most protected types of speech in the United States. Specifically addressed by the first amendment, the Supreme Court must address political speech with high scrutiny. This does not mean that political speech cannot be regulated at all; it just means that it must be regulated very carefully. Various types of speech are regulated, including: When the speech creates "clear and present danger" o Example: Yelling "FIRE!" in a movie theatre. Using "fighting words" o Example: Yelling offensive things at people. Obscenity o Definition debated. Time, place, and manner o Example: Only allowing music concerts to occur at certain times in certain places. All of these types of speech are regulated for good reasons. The public benefits more from the speech being regulated than from the speech being protected. It is the Supreme Court's job to "interpret" the constitution, determining what types of speech can and cannot be regulated. In the case of Citizens United v. FEC (CU), the Supreme Court's verdict clearly did not serve the well being of the American public. CU gave wealthy individuals (including corporations) the ability to use unlimited funds for political speech. This type of speech has promoted a situation in which the wealthy have the ability to manipulate legislation to benefit themselves financially, often thwarting innovation while promoting unfair tax codes and income inequality. If a Congressman knows Corporation A will destroy his campaign if he promotes renewable energy motives, he will most likely refrain from doing so. He knows Corporation B will stop paying for those commercials that help him so much if he doesn't support intervention in the next Middle East Conflict. The Supreme Court's decision allowed this influence to exist. Can there really be no better option? One of the only compelling arguments for why CU was right is the "lesser of two evils" argument stating that allowing all forms of political speech that require money is better than allowing none. What most people who oppose CU don't realize is that this is CORRECT. Allowing all money costing political speech is better than allowing none. This does not have to be a black and white issue. Some forms of political speech that cost money can be regulated instead of regulating all or none. In my opinion, political speech that is clearly motivated by the speaking party's financial gain (an investment) should be regulated. It is this type of political speech that harms the well-being of the public and has allowed the United States to become much more oligarchic. Aristotle defined oligarchy as "rule by the wealthy, those being few." Prohibiting political speech that is directly tied to the financial prosperity of the speaking party would allow ideological speech and, but prohibit investment speech. It is mainly investment speech that harms the public's well-being. Speech with ideological intent (even when it costs money) is a necessary component in a democracy! It will be difficult to create these regulations, but I believe that they are necessary for a healthy republic. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!