In 2010 the Winter Olympics were held in Canada. Myself a Canadian, I witnessed the pervasiveness of a competitive attitude of those around me and in the media. My fellow Canadians all seemed to want "us" to "win." So drawn into the events they were, they would cheer or despair with the olympians as if they stood alongside them. And each day the number of medals won by Canadians would be carefully counted. But I always wondered... who are we really cheering for? Why does it matter if someone born in the same area as me is slightly faster than someone born in another place? And in desiring for one to victor over others, implicitly does one not also desire for others to lose? This question I believe is a good one, and I hope my reader will take it as something deeper than flippant cynicism. Is it not the case that for one man to win, another must lose? Why do we create so much space for losers? In sports, in grades, in jobs - in everything. We set up zero-sum games where only a few may come ahead. A student's grades only have meaning in relation to other grades. An 'A' is a good mark only because of how few have it; this is the nature of the bell curve - to my mind a shape teachers are far too fond of. Life is not a zero-sum game. There is room for everyone to look up at the stars. There is knowledge enough for everyone to learn. A musical composition is not made worse by the existence another, but each can be enjoyed equally by their own merit. Empathy, solidarity - these are characteristic we should be promoting, but they are corroded through competition which frames everything as "us" vs "them." Competition is by nature is individualistic, it is selfish, it sees others as a means to an ends. The most productive team, I believe, is one without competition. If the purpose is to win, there is less reason to help each other, or to help others grow. Studies on highly productive teams tend towards this same conclusion. You cannot put people at odds against each other and expect them to work well together. Knowing this, why is a competitive atmosphere forced onto children? Edit Read all responses, and collectively as a team you all managed my view. Unfortunately, there can only be one delta awarded (as is the nature of competition), which goes to utreedick2011.