It seems to me that many young people are taking up smoking, andalthough they are free to do so, there is simply no way in today's world that someone cannot have any knowledge of the risks associated with smoking (graphic ads, anti-smoking messages on packages etc). Although they never would (and never should) be refused public healthcare (I live in Australia where it's the norm) for illnesses that can be directly attributed to smoking, I think it's wrong that they should be able to leech off the system, because it means they are not only using up taxpayer-funded resources and time, but they are also denying that access to healthcare for other people, many of whom have completely legitimate claims to that healthcare. Again, I think actually giving smokers healthcare for their smoking related afflictions (particularly cancers of the throat and lung) is important, but its a necessary evil and only necessary because we have to preserve the rights to all people. I just think they simply don't deserve it. The basis this view is on is that many smokers as of now do feed off the system - 20 of cancers in Australia in 2005 were directly attributed to smoking (source [ here] . I mostly talk about young smokers because life smokers of an age older than say, 40 - 45, weren't as aware of the risks when they potentially started because we simply knew less about the medical consequences previously, and I don't really want to villify people who's problem is they can't quit rather than they have knowingly exposed themselves to the risks. So, reddit, CMV! I look forward to any discussion ahead. Edit: Almost all the responses thus far have been centred around "well, you could not put this into practise, as the logical extensions of this would be to deny care to x and y . As I've said in the description, I do not in any way believe that these people should be denied care. They have the right to it as members of society who make their own decisions. However, morally, I disagree with their usage of the public healthcare system as opposed to a private one. I would love to be disproved or have my stance shifted on a moral level. Tell me whyhow these people have to deserve to use the public system!:) Hopefully this answers some more responses before they're posted. My bad for possibly not being clear enough:)