I should preface this with women in North America and Western Europe. To begin, I recognize that in certain situations, men have the leg up. Within organizations and politics there is typically an old boys club when it comes to leadership. If you are a women and you want to become a CEOs, high ranked political officials, etc., you are going to have a tougher time than a man. Indeed, both women and men see men as better leaders. However, there are a few problems with this. [One, is that it is changing] . There are more women becoming CEOs and high ranked politicians every year. And two, is that it affects such a small portion of people in that most men gunning for these jobs won't get them either. Three, I can't find the stat, but it would be very interesting to see whether the amount of men ceos men going for ceo positions is higher than for women. [Related to this is the issue of pay discrepancies, which are extremely biased and inaccurate] . Another leg up men have is in safety. It is nice as a man to not have to worry about being assaulted (however, I address this in point 4 below). However, in so many ways, women have it better than men. First, to combat the CEO status, [there are now more women than men in university and professional degrees like medicine and law] . I'd argue that if women want to complain about the glass ceiling, then they have to take this into account. Two, the judicial system is definitely better if you are a women. Not only is there the issue of custody, parental support, and the choice to bare children in benefit of women, [but women are less likely to be convicted of a crime or receive as harsh a sentence for the same crime] . Three, although there is normative pressures for women with respect to sexual freedom, they are typically only held back by their own attitudes, although I concede that these attitudes are imposed on them by society. [In other words, if women wanted to have lots of sex, they could. Men on the other hand could not] Four, to combat the point about sexual assault above, despite the outcry of violence against women, [men are actually more likely to experience violence against them] . Thus, men should be more afraid than women. Although, I do concede here that while these are averages, I imagine the average middle-class women is more likely to experience violence compared to the average middle-class man. In other words, the stats are probably biased by gang violence. I'm not saying either gender has it perfect. Ideally things would be changed for both groups. I'm just arguing that if you are going to focus on one group - men are currently the group that need the biggest change right now. CMV