As an alumni of a P5 School (with multiple conference titles and BCS appearances), and from a split household of long lines of both Eagles and Giants fans, I have always greatly enjoyed football in all its form and believe that is America had to be represented in one activity it would probably be gridiron football. Every year though, and even more so now that I am an alum I find myself watching and enjoying, and attending more college games, 99 of which obviously wont include my team. I love the passion (which to be sure can be found in the NFL). The uniqueness of each school, and their at times wonderful histories, really can make it feel like you are a part of something special for a few hours. There is also the huge variety to enjoy from power runs at UGA, to pass heavy Wazzu, to defensive minded teams like Michigan St. Sure the NFL has it to a degree, but the attempts at parity I feel undermine the inherent creativeness which flourishes in the college coaching ranks. You also have the greater level of community engagement, from student bodies, to 80 year old alumni, to the bands, to the cheer squads, huge swaths of society can bond as alumni over it and I absolutely love that feeling even if it is a team Ive adopted for just a few hours. There is a reason a dozen colleges have stadiums larger than any NFL team, they must be doing something right to fill them up all the time with fewer games and more competition. But I know that others feel just as strongly about the superiority of the NFL, so I would love to hear from them! Please I would be very interested in seeing a argument on in what ways the NFL puts a superior total product from on the field to the total fan experience. Thank you and I look forward to possibly CingMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!