Sure, she said some pretty insulting things and those remarks reflect poorly on her and on ESPN. However, the towing company in question is known to be predatory and has an F rating with the Better Business Bureau. She lost her cool and did something I'm sure she's ashamed of. This is not a case of bullying. The company scams people. She said some pretty ugly things, but one minute of someone freaking out on an employee working at a company that uses people doesn't merit a termination. Further, her looks are being used against her here. If it was someone not quite as attractive, it would simply be a reporter flipping out. Instead it's someone pretty acting ugly, which people LOVE to criticize just as soon as they can. She has a journalism degree from a very prestigious school. She is qualified for her job and does it pretty well, in my opinion. Nothing she said was mean to the degree that it is worth removing her from her position. The amount of self-righteous people demanding she be fired is absurd and this is a classic case of outrage for the sake of outrage. What she did does not merit this type of attention, nor does it merit her losing her job. Change my view. EDIT: going to put the links for the company's [BBB] and [Yelp] pages to let you get a view of how they run things. EDIT: Typo in the title. Can't fix it, but thought I'd acknowledge it. EDIT: To clarify, my issue is that I don't believe McHenry should be fired simply because the court of public opinion is up in arms about the situation. I realize that ESPN is well within its right to terminate her contract. The title of this post is a little misleading and I apologize for that. In reading my post, you'll realize that my opinion is that she should not be fired just because of public outrage, irrespective of the terms of ESPN's contract with McHenry. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!