I'd like to start off by saying that I am pro-maternity leave. My argument is being against Federal or State legislation requiring it. In making the distinction that it shouldn't be a blanket law and rather the choice of an employer, I'm going to demonstrate that it can be beneficial in one situation and detrimental in another. Lets start with the positive: Take CNN giving Erin Burnett a maternity leave for example. If you are a viewer such as myself you would know that a few months ago Erin had a baby. She took a leave of absence from her cable news show, "Erin Burnett: Outfront." I do not pretend to know the conditions of her leave but, what I do know is that CNN chose to keep her show going for her to come back to. I think this is a win-win because: 1) Erin gets the time to take care of her baby with out having to worry about unemployment. 2) CNN keeps an employee that has proven herself to be an asset. While in the short term, CNN may temporarily loose a portion of the viewers which Mrs. Burnett pulls, in the long term they keep them. However, on the flip side: Imagine you just opened a small bakery. You're in the first year of business, you are still in the red from bank loans and trying to work your way toward a profitable business. You hire a female to work the register and do chores around the shop. She may be a great employee, but realistically you know that her job does not require a specialized skill set. She is not like Erin Burnett. In the event she leaves you can train someone to replace her. If she gets pregnant though, the law puts you at a disadvantage. 1) You can cover her shifts yourself or with your other employees but this puts a stress on the business. Things don't get done when they need to, morale decreases, everybody is exhausted. Your customers get frustrated and opt for one of your competitors. 2) As I said you can you can take out the time to interviewhiretrain people to replace her. However, the likelihood of finding someone who is simultaneously a good worker AND willing to work despite a GUARANTEE that they will be terminated are pretty slim. Additionally, you will incur losses to your business from the increased mistakes this person makes while learning. You will likely incur losses related to what ever situation they are in that caused them to accept such poor terms of employment. You can justify the costs for a long term hire, but a short term hire stacks the odds against you. My view is that employers should have the freedom to gauge the cost of a maternity leave to their business and act on it how ever they choose. My feeling is a good employer will do what CNN did given similar circumstances to Erin Burnett's pregnancy. But I don't think we should require a whole business to take a hit for one employee, especially when it isn't worth it in the long run. It is incredibly difficult to startmaintain a business. Requiring a maternity leave is just one more factor standing in the way when it doesn't have to. It's crucial to our economy that we do what we can to promote business not hinder it. Not to mention, it's harming the equal opportunity effort. Employers are now put in a position where they have to choose between a man who they won't have to provide leave for or a woman who's potential pregnancy could harm their business. Thanks for reading! Hope I've inspired you to Change my view! EDIT: A couple users pointed out the government's vested interest in natality and that it trumps employer rights in the grand scheme of things. Makes sense to me. See their comments below. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!