I believe in the vast majority of cases, heroic defeats, last stands, ect, are better than some blundering, accidental victory. In heroic defeats, the losing side at least gets to go down with honor, dignity, and glory, whereas a blundering victory usually just serves as another example in highlighting the horror and incompetence of war. This is a hard case to argue, I understand, as many people (understandably) are against war in general. However, I believe that as humans, warfare is an inevitable part of our existence, and if it's going to occur, we may as well accept that the examples of glory and bravery displayed in battles showcases an enlightening side of the human spirit. However, I must preface that I'm discussing this from a philosophical, poetic point of view. I accept that realistically, a 'defeat' is almost never a good thing for the army being defeated, however I am arguing it is better, for both sides, than a blundering victory. Look to the first Battle of Thermopylae, where the 300 Spartans infamously held off the combined might of the Persian empire for three days before succumbing to treachery and meeting a glorious death. Though the 300 were eventually felled, the battle remains one of the most celebrated in history, and serves as the locus classicus of the heroic last stand. Compare such an inspiring, rousing event to the blundering victory of the Soviet Union in their repelling of Germany's Operation Barbarossa. Germany had all the advantages, however with the coming of winter, their forces were entirely crippled, and so they found themselves slaughtered by Red Army forces. There are over a million casualties recorded in the Battle of Moscow alone, many due to the blundering, accidental nature of the Soviet victory. In the case of the 300 Spartans, humanity has clearly benefited from their displayable of such great bravery - We've gained literature, films, music and stories from the battle. At the same time, the Spartans who died to make such a thing possible have gone down as some of history's greatest warriors. Meanwhile, in my example of Barbarossa, millions were slaughtered in an accidental, largely environmentally caused victory, and nobody was remembered. In Thermopylae, the Persians gained traditionally 'victory', while the Spartans gained glory and a place in history's metaphorical wall of fame. In Barbarossa, due to the coincidental aid of winter working against German forces, they were able to scrape a victory, though there are scarce tales of glory and heroism told concerning the event. Please understand I'm not using these battles as evidence for my argument per se, but merely to help you understand where I'm coming from in this belief. I know it's a controversial belief, but the way I see it, the inspiration gained, and glory displayed by humanity in heroic defeats outweighs the short term benefits gained by one side in a blundering victory. George S. Patton said "Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best; it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood." and I feel such a quote perfectly highlights my point of view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!