Bit of a skew on the usual CMV, but I'm starting to believe this. A monogamous person, who identified as such stated that, "Romantic love is selfish." The argument was that polyamory, where love is shared, couldn't be real because true love is selfish. Monogamous love, being selfish and confined to just two, would be the opposite of sharing. And that, according to the commenter, was the only "real" love. Is this true? Is this how most monogamous people feel? I hear tons of statements to this effect, "I could never share my partner," "Jealousy proves you love someone." Lots of beliefs that involve ownership of the person as well, "That's MY guy." So, rCMV, convince me that this isn't true of most monogamous people. Convince me that monogamy is about a person wanting love with just one person; and NOT about controlling or owning them so that no one else can "have" them. Edit: Been glancing at responses so far. While I appreciate and will respond, I have yet to see any that really argue that monogamy is NOT selfish (note, this is not about whether being selfish is "good" or "bad. If anything, the argument is that ALL love is selfish. Edit2: Hmmmm, so far I'm getting, "It's not selfish if it's what we both want." I'm not sure I can agree with that, but it's given me some food for thought. As some have noted, this is a bit of a reaction of mine to the oh so common, "Polyamory is selfish," line. Rather than try to explain how sharing isn't selfish, I think I'll just use that. Edit3: Okay. Wow. Now I am getting arguments justifying why all relationships are legitimate, regardless of the number of people within the relationship. Saying that love is not a finite resource. Saying that you should be able to live in whatever relationship is best for you and your partner. Am I really getting arguments here that are used by the poly community to justify their feelings? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!