Christine Lagarde, head at the IMF, was protested by the students at Smith college; after hearing of the protest, she declined to give the speech. Condoleezza Rice was slated to give the address at Rutgers, but following a similar protest of her policies during the Bush administration, also withdrew from the role. To my knowledge, these two are not isolated incidents. I've heard much about how this is nothing more than a number of slacktivists rifling around campus, entitled to disbar any views that aren't their own. And while I won't deny that there must be, as there always will, bandwagon protesters and a few bad apples trying to feel "part of something," the instinct here is one I strongly share. The IMF in the '50s furiously went about privatizing the natural resources of other countries, withdrawing aid and support once American companies had profited all that they could. Rice made "torture" synonymous with the U.S.; her role in an unjust and outrageous invasion cannot be denied, and to hold her up as paragon (Commencement addresses are obvious honors) is not, least to my mind, acceptable. Certainly it is worthy of protest. The protests did not hinder the ability of the speakers to exercise any of their first amendment rights, as many have oddly, I think, and erroneously claimed. The speakers withdrew all of their own. Any negative press for these students who are supposedly unwilling to hear alternative points of view is, in my view, outweighed by, on the one hand, amplifying an important discussion of the IMF in world economics, and on the other, returning to a discussion of how preposterous Rice and her colleagues have acted in recent history, and how that sort of powermongering should absolutely not be honored, let alone at a mainstream organization. These kids did nothing wrong, and are reviving or starting dialogues America needs more of. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!