Many of us subconsciously associate happiness with the level of wealth in which we grew up and became accustomed, to the point where we might find it stressful to live and socialize with people who have more money, just as we might find it stressful to live and socialize with people who have less money. And once we settle down in a particular neighborhood with particular friends, we would be unsettled to find that we can no longer afford to live in that neighborhood and have to move. But that's stress due to change, not due to lack of wealth as such, and, over time, we can get used to change as long as we have and feel confident that we will continue to have food and shelter for ourselves and our family. That presumably means not only that we have a house and a grocery nearby, but also that we have a steady source of income sufficient to put food on the table, and a source of education for our children so that they will be able to follow in our footsteps. In other words, poverty can certainly cause unhappiness, but, once we are out of poverty, wealth does not cause happiness. We could be wealthy and happy, wealthy and unhappy, lower middle class and happy, or lower middle class and unhappy. As long as we are out of poverty and not in fear of falling back into poverty, we have just as much chance of being happy as a millionaire or billionaire. On the other hand, I also don't believe that more money brings less happiness. There are happy millionaires and happy billionaires. Not all lottery winners are unhappy, many are happy, once they adjust to the new reality. Again, they may go through the stress of change, but they may also find they like the new reality. Or not, there's just no correlation. Edit: In the discussion below I have acknowledged that happiness does continue to increase above a level of income that meets basic needs, although, measured in the moment, it levels off well below what most people would consider wealth. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!