In the US (and I'm guessing other western countries), people traditionally leave their parents' homes and get a place of their own at some point relatively early in their adult lives - perhaps after high school, perhaps after college, or perhaps once they get a job. By contrast, in India, people often live with their parents even after getting married. I think it's similar in other Asian cultures but I can only really speak for India. A better way to summarize it is that the American "nuclear family in the house" model is inferior to the Indian "extended family in the house" model. One reason is the convenience factor. If you work in the same general area as where your parents live (i.e. in the Bay Area or in LA), it just makes sense for you to live with them. You can save money on rentmortgage and utilities. You can share rides. You can live in a place that you're already intimately familiar with. Then there's the emotional aspect. Who knows you better and loves you more than your parents? No one, that's who. Sure, friends and lovers are good for fun and pleasure, but when it comes to people who genuinely love you and care for you, no one can beat your parents (or, for that matter, extended family like grandparents and relatives). Your parents also need you to take care of them when they're older, and that's just not possible if you live somewhere else. In the Americanwestern system, aging parents are often thrown into a retirementnursing home and abandoned there. In the Indian system, they're cared for and loved and cherished in their old age. Of course, as I said, none of this is true if you work in a completely different part of the country (i.e. if your parents live in California and your job is in New York). But if possible, it's better to live with your parents and it's also a sign that you love them more. I guess the reason I'm posting this is that I currently live with my parents and I'm looking to move out of my parents' house and into an apartment. Admittedly, I'm quite sick of living here and I don't get along much with my parents anymore (I'm a 27-year-old Indian guy) and I have been looking for apartments, but I can't help but feel like moving out would be "wrong" or "non-Indian." Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!