We recently bought a house, and the first thing my next door neighbor said is, "Yeah you have a nice backyard. You'll see our cats coming through all the time." No joke. Several times a day, up and down our shared fence, little collar bells jingling all day long, and they are at least 3 of them. Once, their little one got lost, and so all night we helped try to find him. Turned out he had roamed into our garage while it had been open, and he was just fine. The next time he went missing, sadly, he stayed missing, and has not been seen since (I searched my garage thoroughly of course). The neighbors themselves are on the nosy side, and prone to vague accusations of people they've known around the neighborhood for petty things like missing trashcans, mail, etc. I'm ok to keep our distance. Maintaining the friendly neighbor banter, yes...asking them any favors, no. To have bird feeders out that I enjoy, I have to also put up with even more cat traffic. I have no idea if they are pooping or peeing in my yard (it's river rocks, no grass). My husband is allergic so it's not like we can get all cuddly with them and make friends. They are really a nuisance to us but we are trying to be good neighbors. I am not against cats in general, but I feel like we are part of their living area, and didn't get a choice. I am even thinking of it in terms of tit for tat, i.e., what they have to put up with from us. We are all professional musicians and so there is practicing going on at times, but we are not rockers or excessively loud. We also have a dog, but she walks to go potty, and doesn't use the outside very much. She gets along with cats who aren't aggressive towards her. That's about it. I guess this is more rhelpmecope but I could use some positive thoughts about shared custody cats... Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!