Just as a preface: I am not a native english speaker, so this may end up a lot longer than would be "needed." I'll include a TL;DR. Also, while I'm using myself as an example, that's both due to some personal experiences and to make writing this easier. This is not about "me," per se. TL;DR: Ultimately, people on the internet are still that - people. What this means is that any online interaction, friendship and obligation, involves real people and should be held to the same standards as offline interactions. What you wouldn't do someone in "real life" should also not be done online, be in a forum or elsewhere. This doesn't mean the internet is "more" or "less" important than offline interactions; it means that both are important and "it's just the internet" is not an excuse to diminish relationships, be impolite, not take things seriously when you're expected to, constantly bail out on stuff you've agreed to do and such. To start with a simple example I believe most people will agree with, people should try their best to be polite in any online interactions. This includes discussions and such. You don't randomly offend someone in a bar table because he disagrees with you, and you shouldn't do that online either. Of course, sometimes discussions can get heated and "shit hits the fan," but that feels like the default state of any discussion online, and I believe that the main reason for that (and everything else I mention here), is because most people either fail to realize that they're dealing with another PERSON on the other end, or simply don't care. That just shouldn't happen. Another example I want to tackle is online friendships. These, I feel, are almost universally seen as "inferior" to real life ones and shouldn't be prioritized over "real life" interactions, no matter the context, and I really have to ask why is that so. I'm not saying that if you have a bunch of online friends and have "no need" for real life interactions, I'm just saying that an online friend is still, for all intent and purposes, a "friend." And it's all right to prioritize said friend over a real life social event if you are that close with him, just like you would probably prioritize going to your best friend's birthday party instead of go out drinking with your co-workers, if both events are scheduled at the same time. That it's all right to confide things or ask a a really close, decade old online friend, for help and such. It's okay if your "best" friends live far away. They're not necessarily inferior to RL ones. To give a personal example, I have a very tight group of online friends that I interact with on a daily basis. We know each other for almost 10 years. Some of us married, moved to a different country, live too far to reasonably have any chance to meet offline, and still, we're extremely close. Just like any social group, some are closer than others, a few of them easily being my "best" friends. If that group wants to have a skype conference on a friday night just to mess around and talk, yes, I will prioritize it over pretty much any non-emergency RL event. If someone at work calls me to a happy hour, "sorry but I already have plans" is my answer. I feel a lot of people disagree with this, because they see real life interactions as inherently more important." In this example I gave, no, they are not. If it's someone's birthday party, or wedding, or any other kind of "major" event, then maybe I would give it priority. But, as you can see, I'm comparing things on a case by case basis, and not just "AH, it's just my internet 'friends', they don't matter." They matter just as much as any other person I have a similarly close relationship with. They're people. This also extends to what I believe is my most "controversial" opnion, and that's about internet "obligations." What I mean with this is, if you agree to do something for someone on the internet, again the standards should be the same as when you do so offiline. It would be assholish back out an appointment for minor reasons in RL and that standard should also be applied online. For example, say you join a team or guild for some online game. You agree to meet Wednesdays and Thursdays 8PM. Then you miss a day without warning because there was a sports game you wanted to watch. You miss another day because you just weren't feeling like it. And another because you agreed to help your neighbour move a sofa in his house or something. Then you agreed to go to the bar when you knew you have to be available somewhere else at that time. I'm sorry, but that's assholish. I believe most people would not flak out on, say, a minor neighbourhood soccer team's game because of said reasons. Doing so would be rude to your team and screw them up. They would not be able to play the game, or have to find an inferior replacement not used to the team, and that would impact their enjoyment and performance. Guess what? THE EXACT same things happens to the online gaming group. But, again, because they're seen as "not as important" as real life, it's suddenly "ok" to do so. Note that I'm not advocating you to raid with your WoW guild or we when your SO wants to have some time with you on that particular day, or a major event demands your attention. But wouldn't that kind of major situation also make you miss playing with your "soccer team"? And using the soccer team example once again, if you know you have to be with them X days at Y times, you will likely try to make your other obligations and events not happen at the same time. You'll see if you can change the time, make it ealier or latter, change the day and so on. You won't always be able to, of course, but my point, once again, is that people should evaluate things on a case by case scenario, and that it's wrong and perhaps even assholish to always put internet relationships "last" on your social priorities list. When you screw people online, ignore them, are inpolite, bail out of stuff you agreed to do with them and treat your relationship with them as inherently less important than everything else, you're treating PEOPLE as less important, for a reason that I simply can't agree with. EDIT1: I'm not disputing the fact that face-to-face interactions have different weight and implications compared to online interactions, neither am I saying that you should not value RL interactions or that they do not require more effort. Even the online group I am part of organizes RL meetings for that exact reason. I'm not comparing these things at all I am saying you should not devalue online relationships and obligations just because they're online, putting them "always last place" regardless of the impact this might have on the online people that you interact with and your relationship with them. I'm saying that it's not wrong to prioritize important online friends over RL events that are not as important to you Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!