I will never understand why people feel the need to keeps guns in their houses. I remember a few years back a kid that went to my school was hanging out with one of his friends, cleaning the hunting guns his father had in the house and out of nowhere the friend "accidentally" shot his friend and killed him. Right then and there a high schooler's life was taken due to a mistake and a firearm in hand. Guns in of themselves have no purpose other than to prove dominance in my opinion. I understand that law enforcement must have them as a safety requirement but those who have them and carry them for self defense, the world does not have to be that scary. I find that if gun regulation laws were in fact made stricter and access to guns were not that easy, that the fear of going to a movie theatre or a school for that matter would be lowered significantly. In terms of hunting, my boyfriend hunts. I am not naive to the activity nor do I think all hunting guns should be taken away by the government just for the hell of it, I do, however, know that the fact that anyone can just go out and buy a gun, is a scary thought in itself. They are, after all, weapons. I understand that is guns were banned in this country people would certainly find a way to get them illegally. However, if there were stricter rules enforced, the issue and the safety of this country would be handled in a much better manner than it is now. The minute a gun gets in the wrong hands is the minute that every life in this country gets put in danger. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!