If you are non-native English speaker whose mother-tongue is not English on first or even second language, or started learning English older than 12 years old or something, which makes your English always has possibility of flaw in some way or other from grammar to vocab to spelling, write it down, its mandatory. If you are non-native English who is living in country where English is far from public language, and your lifestyle is not in anyway related to that of English, and you speak English in real life more than once or twice a month, write it down, its mandatory. The reason for first one is that grammatical error can cause misleading sentence, misunderstanding of contextual meaning and it distorts the healthy discussion into nest of grammar nazi kinda species. One sentence of "Im not a native, sorry" can mitigate the whole misunderstanding coming from your wording error and prevent people to quote your wording to support his strawman argument. The reason for second one is that perfect English language and conversation should packs with understanding of English culture and English people's thought. Every word has its own nuances that rooted in English culture and native people from China or Arab may not fully correctly understand some of it, thus misinterpretation can occur. One sentence "Im from China" can this prevent misconception for the sake of healthy conversation. Now you know when I said its mandatory I've exaggerated what I'm saying. The whole context of this idea is that non-native English speaker who admit flaw in their English capability should in some way clarify that point to prevent misunderstanding. Yes I'm from Asia, I'm not native at all. CMV EDIT; After re-reading my whole passage I find a good example of mistakenly written English is already there...on second paragraph I wrote public language which was literal translation of a word from my language equivalent to common language. This is why, what title said, its important. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!