Before you dismiss me as some angsty teenage atheist, please hear me out. I am actually interested in having my view changed. First, let me give you a little background to explain why I feel the way that I do about the concept of a supernatural being, particularly those held as deities by the major world religions. I was raised in a somewhat fundamentalist Christian household, and I fully believed the majority of what I was taught until around the age of 16. Even when I would question some things, I could usually find satisfactory answers to my questions through research or by talking to a pastor, youth group leader, family member or friend. However, as I got older and was became friends with people who held world views that starkly contradicted my own, I started questioning some of the more basic concepts of my faith- not out of rebellion or disdain, but simply out of a desire to learn more. In fact, at this point I thought that it was simply God's way of making me a stronger Christian, and that once I found the answers I was looking for I would be able to confidently explain them to anyone who asked me the same questions. However, as time went on, I continued to pray, read, and talk about the doubts I was having, but I ended up coming to the conclusion that there were irreconcilable contradictions within the Bible and within the concept of God (or at least the God of Christianity, at that point). When I stopped believing in God, it was not a decision, but simply a realization that I no longer thought that the things I had learned my entire life were completely true. That all happened a few years back. Since then I have had a few back-and-forth periods between trying to believe again and completely rejecting anything having to do with religion, but as I spent more time at college and had more time to think about and explore my beliefs, I have started to feel more and more that the idea of God is no more than a fairy tale to help people feel better about a world and a life that can be somewhat bleak at times. I still try to respect my family's beliefs, because they really do try to respect mine as well, but the more time I spend apart from the church, the more I realize how silly it all sounds to me. Additionally, I have now had some time to look into other religions as well, and despite their differences (and my admittedly limited knowledge of them compared to Christianity), I find that most of them fall into the same category- fantastical stories, which are well-intentioned and (arguably) decent as moral guides, but most likely largely fictional. I acknowledge that most of the figureheads of the religions (i.e. Jesus, Muhammad, etc.) were real people, but I think they were nothing more than philosophical leaders who were deified after their deaths. So now that I've explained why I don't believe in any god, here is what I do believe. I believe that science represents the best of our knowledge and understanding of the world. While we do not know everything, and we never will, I do not see that as a reason to fill in the gaps with supernatural explanation. As long as we continue to pursue more knowledge and advancement through the rigor of scientific experimentation and theory, we will learn as much as we can about the universe we live in, and that is good enough for me. I believe that when we die, we simply cease to exist, and as such I believe it is important to make as much out of this life as possible. I believe that any religion is a largely primitive and illogical construct created simply out of the human desire to believe that there is more to life than meets the eye, and that religion as a whole will largely disappear at some point in the future of the human race. You could change my view by convincing me of one of a few things. (A) I have only completely rejected religion because of my fundamentalist upbringing, and a lesser form of Christianity or some other religion might fit into a logical view of the world. (B) Science and religion (specifically one of the major world religions) are not mutually exclusive, and can instead complement one another for a more complete understanding of life. I should add that simply stating that believing in God would be a good thing will not be enough. Just because something would be nice or convenient does not mean I can force myself to believe it. Addendum: In case anyone is wondering, the reason I want to have my view changed is simple. Where I live, most people are religious, and I feel that it would greatly help my relationship with a lot of people if I at least believed in something, even if I never return to a full belief in Christianity. Furthermore, I am currently dating a girl who is absolutely amazing and with whom I mesh perfectly in just about every other way, but she is a Christian (although not nearly as fundamentalist as my family) and has expressed some concern about my lack of faith. While she has not tried at all to push me towards changing that aspect of myself, I would hate for that to be the one thing that stands between us and long term happiness, so I'm taking the initiative. That may seem like a cheap reason to want to change my entire world view, but it is what it is- and honestly, maybe having something to believe in wouldn't be so bad for me. So there you have it. I may be barking up the wrong tree since I know reddit doesn't have a whole lot of outspoken religious people, but if anyone feels up to the challenge, please Change My View. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!