In computer professions and computer oriented college majors (eg computer science), there is appears to be a sexist culture among the men in the field against women. In response to this, universities and jobs appeared to have lowered their standards for female applicants compared to their male counterparts. I will focus on computer science in college, as this is the most relevant to me. Consider this: 1.) The distribution of the qualification level of male applicants to computer science is at least as good as the distribution for female applicants 2.) Universities admit a much larger percent of female applicants into the college. 3.) Therefore, The average qualification of a male applicant will statistically be higher than the average view of a female applicant. This seems to confirm the idea that the admission bar for women is lower than the admission bar for men, which if true, undeniably means that the if a male and female both walk in the door, it would be correct to assume that the male is smarter. Or if blindly choosing a partner to work with, it makes more sense to choose a male than a female because the male is statically more likely to more qualified. This has the effect of 1.) Causing males to (correctly) think they are on average smarter than the females in their major 2.) Have some male applicants who are more qualified not be allowed in because the less qualified females were let in instead to try and help these females. Overall, I acknowledge that women in computer science face tough issues with sexism in the field. My claim is that the current solution of lowering the bar for them so that more can get in makes the problem worse, not better, and additionally is just very unfair. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!