I love this sub so much already that I'm posting again, I hope that's ok. I personally believe that there is nothing wrong or taboo about the human body in it's natural nude state. I feel like people should be allowed to walk around naked if the weather permits and they want to. The primary arguments against it seem to be either religious modesty or "we can't let our children see that." As a none religious person I base my morality off a simple question: Does this action harm another individual? Sometimes if the answer could be yes, we can analyze the situation and determine that the person "harmed" is actually wrong (I.E. someone saying something silly offends them.) I cannot see how someone being nude can harm another person. If you don't want to see it, then don't look. I understand an unattractive person not wanting their SO to see an attractive person naked, but the internet exists and their SO can see the hottest people on the planet naked with the click of a button. Also, their SO is going to be thinking about that the next time you're together, and their sex drive will be better as a result. Furthermore, people become desensitized to nudity rather quickly. If public nudity became mainstream, it wouldn't take long for people to not even really think about it any more. To me that makes that argument moot. Children exposed to nudity is a much more controversial topic, and I think the line has to be drawn somewhere, but I think shielding them from any information is definitely not where the line should be drawn. We obviously don't want our children to grow up with a skewed view of sex (so obviously they shouldn't watch some fetish porn or something) but does it really do some kind of damage to a child to see someone naked? We are the only animal on the planet that covers up, and as far as I know, the only animal that won't allow children of the species to view sexual acts. Obviously I don't want someone hurting my kids, or trying anything sexual with them, so having a guy in the bushes jerking off is definitely past where the line should be drawn, but I really see no harm whatsoever in my kids seeing people walk around in the natural form. I don't think it will cause any damage and I think it will actually be psychologically good for them, since they won't be led to believe that something is wrong with their body so they have to cover it up. Am I seriously demented or is this a more common view than I'm aware? Change my view? P.S. Is it against the rules to comment on a post saying something like "I agree with you, but here are the arguments that I've heard against your view," or are replies limited only to people who disagree? The rules state not to make a post like that, but I'm not sure about a reply. Edit: I didn't think about the sanitary effects of public nudity. Perhaps some restrictions such as "you cannot be in a situation where you would be in physical contact with another human or your genitals would be in contact with someone else's property or public property." That rule would allow someone to walk down the street, ride a bike, drive their car, swim, lay on the beach, sun tan in their front yard, etc. while prohibiting things like riding the public bus naked. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!