I first started thinking this when Rick Santorum made his infamous comments comparing homosexuality to bestiality. While this statement was obviously just pandering to a knee jerk emotional reaction to the idea of bestiality, the reaction from the GRA (Gay rights activists) was surprising. While some lip service was payed to consent, the emotion of the responses seemed to sum up as "Bestiality is disgusting to me, and homosexuality is not. Therefore the comparison is invalid and offensive." The consent idea was more of a rationalization and an afterthought. Now consent for animals is doubtful to say the least, thats not where the outrage was coming from. But as I looked into it a far more clear example of hypocrisy emerged: Polygamy. Consider [this article] , which attempts to distance gay rights from legalized polygamy. In particular this quote "Here's the answer. The number isn't two. It's one. . . Second, the number isn't arbitrary. It's based on human nature." (Emphasis mine) Imagine that argument being used on gay marriage. Nowadays you'd rightly get laughed out of the building. How about the fourth entry on [this otherwise correct article] , which says the idea of marrying whomever you want is "childish." Hows that for marriage equality? [Another one] , that compares polygamy to pedophilia (12 year olds cannot consent) in the second paragraph, using the same cheap shot he's criticizing. This shows the thought process behind all this: they think about sexuality and law just the same way conservative evangelicals do. They consider sexuality they approve of to be worthy of being legal, and scorn sexuality they find disgusting or "wrong." I'm not a polygamist nor do I want to be one, but I recognize that social change is constant and GRA are not as high-and-mighty as they think. When the new social issues come up they will be the ones with the bigotry, and they will be the ones "standing in the doorway, blocking up the hall." Bt then again this all is making me agree with [Rick Santorum] and [Mike Huckabee] , so please, CMV! EDIT: While polygamy is an interesting debate, I brought that up as an example of a larger pattern of emotional thinking about sexuality and law. To CMV, show my interpretation of the gay rights movement is bunk. EDIT 2: A couple of people have brought up incest, and see several connections to what I was talking about with polygamy. The argument against polygamy from GRAs boils down to 2 points. 1. A father marrying an underage daughter is wrong. This is covered by existing age-consent and coercion laws. 2. It increases the likelihood of genetic disease. I see this a phoned-in and tying in with my earlier point about rationalizing an emotional bias. No one who advocated argument 2 wants to ban 40yo mothers from having kids or anyone with inheritable "bad" genes. Just another case of hypocrisy and emotional thinking about sexuality and law. EDIT 3: Anyone mentioning the marrying of underage people is missing the point in several ways. First of all, thats a non-issue as such things are already covered by existing laws on consent and coercion. Saying incest and underage marriage is wrong because incest is wrong is missing the real issue. Second of all the point Im trying to make is more than if polygamy is right or wrong, is that the way of thinking that most people including the GRA community isnt consistent. Its conflating personal taste with legality. Thats the problem. By bringing up underage marriage to emotional charge what you are saying to appeal to people's disgust with pedophilia is a perfect example of whats wrong. EDIT 4: We have a changed view. uDocTorrFabulous persuaded me to not generalize the community based on a few negative experiences. I still hold to my thoughts about the hypocrisy, but not its prevalence. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!