Okay everyone, this should hopefully be an easy delta for you. About a week ago, I moved to Atlanta, GA for school and drove down from Virginia. Near the I-85285 interchange by the perimeter mall, the skies started opening up very heavily. It was some of the heaviest rain that I've seen in some time. During that time, I noticed something that I had never seen before. There were other drivers that turned their hazard lights on during this storm, since the rain was so heavy and the visibility was very limited. I do not know how common this is here (or in any other areas), but it was the first time I had ever observed this. I decided to put my hazard lights on too, because I could barely see in front of me, and I didn't intend to go any faster than 35 MPH (in the right lane, of course), due to the conditions. Also, the road lines and reflectors were old and faded, which made it more difficult to see which lane I was in. I was also not at all familiar with the area, so I wanted people to be aware that I was going slow and trying to stay out of the way. There were also several other cars in front and behind me that were going about the same speed. I didn't think anything of it at all, until I started reading through rAtlanta, and I have found that this is a very heated topic to them that causes lots of outrage. [This] was the thread that I saw, and then I did some more searching and found [one] , [two] , [three] , [four] other threads that have been posted in the past that expressed extreme anger over this. According to these links, I was a hazard, imbecile, idiot, moron, stupid, douche, and many more friendly words. Now I don't believe that this should happen during a normal light rain storm (perhaps that's what they were referring to), but for a very heavy rain storm, I don't see the problem. I can't say that I totally understand why this is such a controversial topic. I don't believe that everyone should have their hazard lights on during a heavy rain storm by any means, but I don't see what is so bad about it either. Some of the reasons that were given that didn't convince me were: If conditions are that bad, then instead of having your hazards on, you need to pull over and wait for the rain to stop - I believe that would be even more unsafe, to be stopped on the shoulder of a busy 6-lane highway. The closing rate and difference in relative speed between my car and other cars would be higher, and would cause a collision to be much worse. Also, roads are slightly tilted to right in order to help water runoff, which leads to big puddles of water that I do not want to stop in. They disable your turn signals - This is true, and I even had to change lanes to make it to my exit during this storm. So I turned the hazards off for a few seconds, put my turn signal on, merged over, then turned them back on. I don't see why that's so difficult or so egregious. They make your brake lights harder to see - To be fair, I could see how this might be a problem for cars whose hazard lights and turn signals are also red. However, my car has separate yellow lights for turninghazard lights, so this did not apply to me. You should speed up to go with the flow of traffic and not be in the way - Most people in the storm I was in were going slow, but there were a decent number of people that were still going full speed in the left lanes and passing people very quickly. I think that is way more dangerous than people going slower. It seems obvious to me that going slower in those hazardous conditions would be the safer choice. The lights are too distracting and draw too much attention to your car - I don't understand this one at all. They are making my car more visible, but they are not redblue lights and sirens or anything. They are certainly nowhere near as distracting to other drivers as texting, eating, and all the other usual distractions that drivers are guilty of doing. To me, it is common sense that you should focus on paying attention to the road in front of you, not cars with their hazards on to the right of you. Now with all of this being said, based on the level of anger in those threadscomments and the large number of upvotes they got, it seems clear to me that I am in the minority. So I must be doing something wrong that would require my view to be changed. I've read those comments, and they were not satisfying to me, but maybe I could get some more convincing and level-headed replies here. Help me stop being an idiot, imbecile, moron, or any of your other favorite insults. tl;dr - I believe that having your hazard lights on during a heavy rain storm is acceptable, and it is not a hazard or a distraction that warrants outrage. I believe that it is better to make my car more visible, and communicate to other drivers that I am going to go below the speed limit and try to stay out of the way, so they can pass me if they choose. EDIT: My viewpoint has already been changed, thanks to everyone who replied to me!! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!