This philosophy gets into trouble quite easily: Human growth and expansion directly threatens animals rights, wether it's a new road or homes or any other consequence of human civilization, so if an animal has the same rights as a human being regarding life an well-being, then it should come into consideration of every aspect of human civilization which is: No more human colonization of animals habitats, no more animal displacement through expansion of human habitats, no more agriculture as it destroys animal habitats of the benefit of humans. There is nothing wrong with "speciesism," our very existence is speciesist, if you clear an animal habitat for crops, that's speciesism because you are destroying animal's home for the sake of your own species. Cohen writes in his book The Animal rights debate that rights are an exclusive contract within moral agents, animals aren't moral agents and therefore cannot have any rights, the principal objection towards this is that this would apply to the senile and human babies, however, this does not render the arguement wrong, it only makes it more complex, being a baby is a temporal state of a moral agent, and anything done against it is done into the inevitbale moral agent, the logic behind "what about babies" is irrelevant as it tries to take advantage of a temporal human state. Now, the senile, depend on the mental state, if such person is metally retarded to the point of amorality then they do get diminished rights, normally they're put in an institution are they are a harm to others and themselves, such person would be better off through euthanasia with consent of the family, but that is my opinion, moving about this concepts inevitably can lead in a debate of abortion and euthaniasia, which I don't want. Furthermore, morality is what we use to make a clear distinction within species, animals cannot even scratch this clearly superior level of conciousness, try applying Maslow's pyramid of human needs to an animals and come back and tell me our consiouness is equal. Are animals innocent? No, innocence and guilt are attributes of moral agents, which also clearly shows a distinction, you cannot say an animal is guilty of anything, we all know that, then, how can you say, as an animal rights supporter, that their conciousness is equal? When they cannot even begin to understand what they are doing, when they cannot have guilt no matter what they do? If animals have the same right to life, then [what of this?] , doesn't this go against animal rights? Those prey where happy pasturing in peace and now they get predators that will cause them suffering and death, this is clearly against animal rights. If it is OK to kill animals for the sake of ecology, then wouldn't it be also OK to kill humans for the sake of ecology? Just sharing my thought on why I think "animal rights" has always sounded ridiculous for me. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!