I am liberal in the modern political sense of the word. I don't want to get into semantics so I'm not claiming to be a follower of classical liberalism or neo-liberalism or anything else but a modern and hyper liberal American. Since I love this subreddit I'll provide you with some easy arguments for you to knock down. ) I will change my view if you can show how 'forward thinking, inclusivism, secularism, or personal liberty' are bad values to have or show in some way that being a modern liberal is bad for myself or society. WHAT IS LIBERALISM? 1) Forward Thinking - I believe social liberalism correctly pushes the boundaries of what society currently thinks is acceptable towards more egalitarian bounds. Conservative thinking is dominated by ideas like "tradition" and "maintaining order or status quo" which it advances at the cost of excluding certain groups. I specifically believe that tradition is harmful as it inappropriately resists change without providing merit. I believe the abolition of slavery, suffrage of women, lax immigration policies, and the guaranteeing of rights by the government are liberal ideas that are beneficial to society. 2) Inclusivism - I believe liberalism is an ideology that tries to include as many people as possible. I feel liberalism correctly values the group over the individual. (ex: What good are 'my' rights if I only get them by infringing on others?) I believe that everyone is better off when everyone is given equal protection and rights. When employees have enough disposable income to purchase consumer goods they increase economic output much more than if all the income and wealth was concentrated in the hands of few individuals. (see banana republics vs current America and debt fueled consumption as one of the primary cause of the 1930s and 2008 depressions). 3) SECULARISM - I believe that governments and all non-religious groups should operate in a completely secular manner because it provides better real world results and doesn't disenfranchise anyone. I believe that corporations should not be able to espouse or enforce particular religious beliefs (ex: a church can be doctrinally against birth control but it, nor any business, should not be allowed to deny said birth control to its employees). In matters of science vs faith I will always side with science as I believe 'most' liberals would. I place zero merits in matters of faith when presented as such and believe morality is not provided by, grounded in, nor should it be regulated by, a religion. (Any claim not based in fact is either a working hypothesis or a statement of faith. I may have to accept partial blame for 'radical hippies' that do not support data driven science such as gmo haters and nuclear power scardy-cats. It seems that these people are in the minority among liberals BUT If you feel the 'average liberal' supports these types of faith based anti-data claims then please hammer away at me). 4) PERSONAL LIBERTY - The government is the primary protector of the citizen's rights and liberties. Personal responsibility outlined by libertarians and conservatives only goes so far since vigilante enforcement is not as conducive to society as official police actions and lynch mobs should be replaced by a judiciary. Liberals believe that morality and personal behavior should not be regulated by an outside entity. Free love, marrying whomever you chose, freedom of and from religion, 1st and 4th amendment rights, and the right to privacy, are all liberal ideas that I support. I do not believe you have the right to infringe on the rights of others. I believe that women are the equals of men and that all races are equal to each other. "Separate but equal" is not equal and true equality not only means equal rights but equal opportunity to fulfill those rights. Lightning round... 5) 2nd Amendment pro gun ownership, pro heavy regulation 6) Big Government globalization and big businesses need big government support. Remember only conservatives say "I demand big government get their hands off my medicare." 7) Taxes The required big government needs big income. Our current government is too big and can be for sure be streamlined, but it cannot be halved or quartered. 8) Climate Change I side with science. No, there is no debate. 9) Abortion I can prove with science that the mother is alive. Until you can prove with science that a specific subset of her cells commonly known as a fetus is a separate and living organism capable of equal amounts of autonomy as the mother then I feel you have no ground to stand on. 10) The Draft Against it. Unless America is facing a crisis of civilization ending proportions then there's no need to dilute a strong fighting force with people that don't want to be there. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!