A social safety net is a good idea, and money is spent with the intent of providing a specific kind of help. In many places this includes a cash handout. I believe this is wrong on many levels. The money may be misspent. This idea is NOT based on the assumption that poor people are all stupid or drug addicts. It's simply the fact that there's no way of ensuring that the cash is used for its intended purpose. The best assumption you can make is that people would be so desperately craving the thing you give them extra money for that they would almost certainly spend it on that, but people may end up endure forms of squalor that were far from what the well intentioned policy makers had in mind. From the government's perspective, money is also being spent inefficiently. Let's say a program wanted to ensure that people were well fed. They'd have to find a cash amount that would buy enough healthy food to feed the recipients, but people have different needs, so they'll have to provide to the upper percentile of demand (the alternative is weighing people, paying women less etc.) This not only will result in discretionary income, but inequality in how much everyone gets. A food stamp system would allow everyone to get as much food as they need, and the money left over is still in the governments hands to spend on other initiatives. Things like food stamps are patronising, and that's a good thing. A cash handout creates a sense of entitlement beyond what something "patronising" like food stamps, rent vouchers etc. create. By the time money's in your pocket or bank account, there's several layers between you and the people providing that service. Food stamps create a meaningful difference between working poor and welfare recipients to encourage escaping the system. There's also the huge benefit of less resentment of those on welfare. In general they communicate purpose more clearly. Too often there's an attitude of getting as much money as you can from the government, and paying as little tax as possible. It seems like people would be less likely to trick their way into receiving food stamps, education and other initiatives purpose built to meet needs. On the other side, I would think policies would allow people to see their taxes as less of a redistribution of wealth, and more as funding for benevolent programs to create a better society. I think as much welfare as possible should be in the form of vouchers and other purpose specific, non discretionary forms. I like food stamps, I like rent vouchers, I like free healthcare and education. Things like these over cash seem like the best way to prevent the safety net becoming a fishing net. I can't think of many situations where cash is the best option, which is why I'm here. The other aspect to this changemyview is that I'm ok with policies that "patronise" the less fortunate. Being well fed, healthy, comfortably sheltered, continually educated to eventually earn the life you want are more important than not being insulted. If anyone can enlighten me on what it's like to be offended by a government policy assuming you're stupid or malevolent (especially if you don't pay taxes), that would be helpful.