I have been struggling with this for a long time as a Christian. I would love to say I am pro-life, but the definitions of person-hood have been too arbitrary for me. I feel as if the argument that as soon as their is a unique composition of DNA from a sperm and an egg is a person is a flawed argument and that it is just an arbitrary point. Some people call it "the point of no return" because you have to act upon yourself or external variables need to go into making a egg and a sperm connect but the point after that it is all nature or what have you, and that makes you a person. A unique set of cells subdividing with its own unique set of DNA. I would like to call that a potential person, but I struggle calling that an actual person because everything has potential. And because of my Calvinistic background, if a set of subdividing cells never makes it to some state that it can sustain itself, I feel as if that was predetermined to begin with. It was still actions of doctors to dismantle the set of unique cells, but it was going to happen any ways. My father has pointed out to me that it does not matter if it has a soul attached to it already or not and that since it is the start of life or the "no turning back" phase, that it is considered murder. I struggle to believe that. But I also struggle to believe anything else because it would also be an arbitrary point. Does it become a person when its heart beats? Does it become a human when its 1st brain synapse fires? How do you define Person hood? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!