Brought up to hate racism and xenophobia I am struggling with my own views on Islam and specifically muslims in the uk. Outside the uk, i daily read horrific stories of religiously motivated violence in muslim countrys, i hear about barbaric sharia law applied to young men and women, I have seen videos of religiously sanctioned executions, and i worry about what seems to be a widely held desire to impose Islamic law across the world. Having studied ancient history I read with horror as ancient and wonderful cultures were destroyed by the spread of islam. I have read many opinions pieces comparing Islam to medieval christianity, and many people have told me that christians commited similar atrocities in the middle ages, but I cannot help thinking that i would be as appaled and disgusted with that as i am Islam. It just seems that for every atrocity commited in the name of this "religion of peace" we have to excuse them, like naughty children, as they rape and kill the innocent. So when I hear of the hundreds of thousands of Muslims entering the UK each year, of areas in which the majority are asian, of muslim gangs raping english girls and applying islamic law, I have to admit I get angry, and I guess racist. When i read about and talk to asian women who have lived in the UK for 30 years and speak no English yet claim benefits, feel angry, and again racist. Many times i've told myself that im wrong and just reducing complex issues to headlines in my head, but each time something else will emerge so alien to my values that im plunged straight back into my anti islamic thoughts. When recently i've read about anonymous surveys concluding that shocking numbers of muslims in the uk see the white British people as people to be hated and killed, and when a recent undercover panorama documentary found extremist sermons in supposed moderate mosques preaching for holy war and suicide bombings, its only reinforced my convictions. I hear that Mohammed is supposed to be a prophet and a man of huge wisdom, and then I read that he gave captured women to his men to be raped. Having said all of this, I don't want to become blinded with hate. I have met muslims that I really like, and respect. But i cannot help feeling that they are wonderful people despite their religion not because of it. All these views and feelings make me profoundly uneasy with myself, but everytime I try and change my opinion, some other fact or point will surface, and I can't help feeling that i'm right. Please, if you can, change my mind. I dont want to be right about this. Edit: So far there have been many excellent viewpoints put forth- thankyou all so much for your time Edit- thankyou to everyone that took the time to respond. I still think on the whole that Islam cannot be a force for good, but I know understand more fully what i suspected- Muslims themselves are just as good or evil as anybody else and should not be lumped in together. I cant write the little triangle thingie, but yeah, my view is changed:)