A little history on me is important. I was raised with no religion, came to America from South America, have an insane irritating curiosity, and most importantly weird. (Also I would say on a scale of 1-10 I'm an 8. If that my help someones argument) Raised with no particular religion in mind, I wasn't really given any set of rules when I grew up. My parents were ones to certainly give them, and they almost always had a logic to them. Until 7th grade my life was uncomplicated because life was too much fun. I had good friends, good fun, and a nice life. In 1st grade I was unofficially a Christian. My logic was that because everyone around me was and that the American pledge has it, God must be real. It was so simple. In 5th grade I realized there was such thing as religion and that not everyone believed in God. Turns out my dad was an atheist and my mom a Catholic. A whole world that I was comfortable with was turned upside down. 7th Grade I applied myself to school desperate to never be ignorant of anyone's viewpoints again. I actually attempted my school work and became the best math student my school ever had (won an award). Yet my views on the world were still pitifully small. Then came highschool. Anime, Socrates, AP classes, youtube, movies, etc. It all started to make things so much clearer about the planet I lived on. I developed an extremely serious attitude for my age and actually had philosophical debates with my teachers after school. Everyone called me a genius. And I felt like one. Until I met reddit. reddit introduced me too billions of new view points and billions of new things. But it made me extremely depressed. I love the pursuit if knowledge and I love learning new things, there isn't a thing that I don't love to learn about. But I suppose its frustrating that at a certain point when I realized no one can ever be right. On reddit it seems that while someone will be claimed right here on CMV the other persons view will be entirely forgotten. As if someone had to be right in the situation. While that person most of the time simply missed important details in their argument because they were in a rush writing this. Therefor I came to an ultimatum because life is too complex I must understand acknowledge everything. Even when someone shares my favored view I disagree with them, because they seem ignorant of the other side. Even my aforementioned parents are victims of my empathy of the side of the coin. And at school although the classes are interesting people bore me. And I often act in my own pursuit for answering questions and understanding people. Sometimes I'll act a pacifist, sometimes a tech geek, sometimes always something and I have fun with it and the whole process is very interesting to me. Someone always knows me as something else. Then I met the girl who would be the eventual cause of this post. I loved being around her, it was like being a child again the world was straightforward and new. For a while. Then I realized she was exactly how I was unquestioning and simple but happy. I broke it off with her, because I didn't want to be with someone who could so easily define right and wrong. But it hurt I let her go and all I longed for after was simplicity. She made me crave the simplicity of society that everything was straightforward and that I could live a candyland dream with her. Soon after I realized the problem was that I am too disconnected from society. I'm too different for anyone all I do is unintentionally hurt the people around me, because of my desire for knowledge and my desire for others to want to learn. I constantly feel alone, as if everyone has their answers and they are absolute. While I only have favorites and feel pushed by other people to conform and quietly I whisper. "Why not conform?" Why seek answers, why seek others points of view, why seek knowledge when I can't get along with people? I don't feel happy I feel constantly confused. I'm able to have people like me and be called a saint by my classmates. I'm able to be a best friend to someone easily. But I feel bored with people who don't ask enough questions. And feel unhappy not being one. But the strange thing is I love the idea of people, and I always think of being with them. But when I actually meet people, they seem so murderous with their ideals. Even pacifists. I suppose I love humanity as a whole but no individual to any great extent. But the only way people are ever kind to me is when I act out being a single minded person I feel unaccepted. Anything outside someones comfort zone is an evil. I just wish I was a single minded person. Then maybe I could feel more genuine and human. I'm 17 years old I have plenty of time to be proven wrong (even thought it is a particularly subjective thing) though CMV! Sorry this might be poorly written its 4am in Colombia so I'm a little tired. (Vacation) TLDR; I feel bored with people who don't ask enough questions. And feel unhappy not being one. I want to restart life and be ignorant of others its much easier and much more comforting. My view has been changed, thank you. A lot of your responses really helped, I had some ideas against my own view but I really needed to here it from other people.