There's two kinds of people: Those who keep things simple, and those who decided to make life complicated. Seriously. Life can be so incredibly simple, but you see these people who act like their complicated life was "inflicted" upon them like a disease, or otherwise by complete accident. No, your life is complicated because you made it that way. Period. My life is so simple, and I love it. I wake up. I go to work. I go home. I relax and spend time with my SO until we go to bed. That's my life in a nutshell. And it's awesome. I have friends and acquaintances that tell me they envy me and how lucky I am. Really? Like I won the lottery or something, and the way I lived my life had nothing to do with it. Debts: You are in debt because you made poor spending choices. Medical bills? File bankruptcy and be rid of them. Any other debt was completely avoidable. You made the choice to incur them. I loosely nod in agreement with student loan arguments if they were still kids when they got them, and didn't know any better. Children: You see people defend the children argument strongly. "I have 2 kids and you wonder why I don't have time or money to do things?" You'd think babies just appeared on their doorstep one day and they were compelled to take them and raise them the next two decades. Um no, you have kids because you decided you wanted them and you were ready. Or you made poor choices with who you slept with and chose not to take proper precautions. Professional: You a big-time busy manager? Tons of reports and spreadsheets, and people that report to you? Tons of responsibilities, and it feels like the sky would fall if you dropped the ball on any of them? All self-created. I work a modest 50k office job where no one reports to me, and I am a reliable, efficient, and valued employee. I simply made sure I kept a job that, when I was done for the day, I was DONE. No being on call. No reports I have to do quarterly. No strict goals I have to reach else I lose my job. No sleepless nights because I was worried about tomorrow's presentation. None of that. I have been offered many promotions but turn them down, becuase they would make life more complicated. Family: You know, like your parents, your siblings, anyone beyond your SO or kids. I have the ideal relationship with my parents. We keep in touch. We see each other every year or two. But otherwise, we are completely separate, and it's awesome. I see and hear all the time about these people stressed out about family drama and responsibilities. All. 100. Avoidable. I am confident I will counter any possible argument to my viewpoint. CMV TL;DR Way too many people give off this impression, or outright say, their lives are unavoidably complicated and stressful. Like their life was just randomly dumped on them, and they had no say in the matter. I beg to differ. CMV