You hear it all the time: Atheist "There is just not enough evidence for me to believe." Well what is this evidence that you are looking for? You want me to say one day, "Yes, I finally found god. I found him When studying the crystal lattice structure of various elements Radon, Xenon, and Phosphorus, the individual molecules electrons are polarized such that it permeates the higgs field. Using partial derivatives to derive the Ginzburg-Landau equation, we can use this model the superconductivity when the elements are freezed to absolute zero, then translating this to Soblev Spaces since the electromagnetic field creates a holomorphic form . As the electron spins in a given element such as Radon in these extreme conditions, it spins unilaterally without any resistance to such that it forms hyper-magnetic dipole that entangles into a higher-dimensional Calabi-Yau manifold permeating the Hilbert space. With this being achieved it is theorized that it must be going faster than the speed of light, and one of the theorized particles in the standard model that is capable of doing this is the Tachyon - Since the element was superconductive and the individual atoms spun unilaterally to create a hyper-magnetic dipole entangled into a higher dimensional manifold, then this electron in 3 dimensions is simultaneously entangled in a Calabi-Yau hyper-dimension manifold as a fluid interacting with Tachyons. We consider a fluid described by a parameterized EoS (Euclidean Supersymmetry of 8th dimension) of the general form P ( 1) p0 HH H2H2 dHH[21], where p0, H, H2 and dH are free parameters of the model, interacting with a Tachyonic field with a relativistic Lagrangian assumption based on quantum superposition." Is that the type explanation atheist are expecting? If so, you will never find it, because that is not how god works. Don't religious text say that the path to god, is through Trust, not Enlightenment? If so, why would the atheist think the way to finding god should be through enlightenment (scientific empirical evidence) when the text specifically say the path to god is through trustfaith? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!