People always go on about how the original Star Wars trilogy is so much better than the last 3 installments, but after re-watching them all recently, I came to the conclusion that I think episodes I-III are way better in a lot of ways. Story: In the newer episodes, we can see the subtle political games that are being played by the Jedi counsel, senator Palpatine, the senate and this political game is stretched very well over the 3 episodes. It starts off really gently in episode I where we see Palpatine trying to defend Naboo by getting more power, but over the course of the next episodes, we see him draw more and more power to himself, doing it so well that he gets too powerful to be stopped by the time people notice what's going on. The entire plot is really well written. Episodes IV-VI are pretty void of a real good story. Yes, we have the rebel alliance fighting the Empire, but that's basically it for the entire trilogy. We have Luke trying to master the Jedi arts, but he's hardly convincing to me (I'll get to that when I describe the acting). The entire story is way too "meh" to be spread over 3 movies to be honest. Which brings me to Pacing: The newer installments have a lot better pacing. All movies have approximately the same duration (around 2 hours), but in the newer episodes, many more things happen that are important to the plot. For example, Obi Wan going to the cloners in Episode II, although a side track is brought well, interesting, and important. The newer episodes are more a branched story that comes together, whereas I feel the original trilogy is a lot more linear, with 2 branches going on at the same time at best. The original trilogy feels spread way too linear. The only real thing happening in the episode IV is blowing up the Death Star. Which is taken care of pretty poorly too to be honest. For example, Luke, Leia and Han spend way too much time on the Death Star to remain interesting. Acting: Yes, I have to admit that the newer installments have some objections regarding acting too, but honestly, they still stand out a lot better than the original. The biggest problem I might have with the newer episodes is the fact that the chemistry between Anakin and Padme is pretty mediocre. That's nothing though, compared to the complete tool Luke seems to be in the original series. He is far from a convincing savior, and when he's training to become a Jedi master with Joda, I was hardly moved by his efforts. Not to mention the absolute letdown that the confrontation with the Emperor was in episode VI. Not just the fight (the fight was alright I guess), just the dialog and the acting. Special effects: I know it's hard to argue this point, because the timing isn't fair for this, but the fact that the newer episodes have infinitely superior special effects just adds up to the fact that I think they're better. However, I can't get around admitting that for the time the original trilogy was made, their special effects were pretty good. It's just that I guess I'm spoiled. Character development (and acting, bis): In the newer episodes, the character development for many of the characters is simply superior. We can see Obi Wan go from an apprentice to a full blown master, and by god does he bring that over well. On top of that, although the love between Anakin and Padme is hardly convincing, I think their character development really is. Padme becoming more and more mature in her politics, and Anakin turning to the Dark side are brought really well. Luke (to me) is a tool from the start of the series up until the end. I don't think his 'transformation' to a Jedi knight is convincing at all, and although he clearly develops some powers, he hardly develops character. Han Solo is also acted poorly at best, and I know a lot of amateur actors who would have done a more convincing job than Harrison Ford put forth in the trilogy. Same goes for basically everyone. Fights: This ties into special effects, but the fights in the first 2 episodes of the original trilogy are a letdown at best, a disappointment at worst. Yes, I know they were limited by the technology at the time, but it only works in the favor of the newer episodes. Screwups: Oh yes, we've all heard about how Jar Jar Binks was the worst thing to happen to movies since the invention of the Chick Flick, and although I agree he isn't a very convincing character, and only seems to be there for his comic value, I think he's still miles ahead of the fantastic letdown that the Ewoks are (I know I might get some hate for this opinion, but I'm going to elaborate). On to the Ewoks. In popular culture, they are always made to be these tiny awesome heroes, but I think they're brought terribly and make no sense. The thing that annoyed me the most about them was probably the entire fight with the Stormtroopers to take over the shield generator. Honestly, they met the band that same day (or the day before, can't remember), and decide to help them fight the Empire. All well, but when they start getting their asses kicked, because the best they could do was throw rocks, all of a sudden they have a series of enormous traps set out throughout the woods. A bunch of logs laid out on top of a hill with a lever to make them drop? Who put them there, and when? And without being noticed, so close to the generator? Those creatures run around wielding axes that are basically a rock tied to a stick, and in less than 24 hours, they can perfectly chop down a couple of logs and place them on a hill? Then they also made a double battering ram with logs tied into trees. With what technology, and what force? That entire fight was one huge farce that made no goddamn sense and was forced way too much. I know a lot of the fights in Star Wars make no sense (explosions and sound in space etc), but most of it can be forgiven due to entertainment value, the fight with the Ewoks, nope, absolutely terrible. Well, I guess that's most of my objections with the original trilogy vs new episodes condensed as much as I can. I could write a lot more about what I think is betterworse, with more examples, but this is the gist of it. Change my view? EDIT: Alright guys, I don't know if this is meant to be placed in my original post or as a separate post, but some of the posts in this thread have made me change my view quite well. I still think the newer episodes are better (personal taste I guess), but it's made me put the story arc of the original trilogy in a different light, and made me respect the story of the original trilogy a lot more. I still think the acting was poor, and Mark Hammil could have easily been replaced with a sock with a face on, and made a more convincing hero for most of the movies, that although Han Solo was a very interesting character, the delivery of him was deplorable, I still think the Ewoks can go fuck themselves and all that, but the fact that I understand the story a lot better means I can put both installments into perspective, and respect both of them on their own grounds. So, I don't think the original is better than the new, but I no longer think the new is better than the original. They both have their upsides and downsides, and you guys really made me see the upsides of the original trilogy. Thanks a lot.