The older I get and the more experience I have with people, the more they disappoint me. I'll try to avoid individual examples and speak generally, so let me just highlight the three main points why I think people are generally best avoided: 1. They are selfish. Humans, like all living organisms, are self-interested, but humans are unique in that they can temper self interest with other considerations through a cognitive process. Humans fail to do this as much as I would like (yes, it's a subjective standard, but meaningful nonetheless), so they are best avoided. 2. They are argumentative. People are never so confident than when they know little, and people are eager to assert their own truth, ideology, or value system on others. Whether it's libertarians, feminists, nationalists, socialists, racists, the PC brigade, the Reddit hive-mind, Democrats, Republicans, Christians, atheists...it doesn't matter. Everyone has a point of view and everyone is sure they're right. It's exhausting engaging people in any conversation if you want to avoid an argument, so it's best just to avoid them. 3. They are demanding. Any interaction with another human being inevitably results in an attempt to gain something (see 1). So any human interaction is divisible to the level of quid pro quo. Since humans are selfish and argumentative, engaging in a quid pro quo exchange is difficult to do in good faith, because there will too often be an attempt to tip the scales. These principles apply to all human relationships: friendships, family relations, work relations, business, and casual interactions. Such interactions can avoid the trappings noted above if they remain superficial enough. But as time and engagement increase, the probability of encountering the above three problems at some point raises. The counterargument would be that there is a trade off. Yes, people are selfish, arrogant, etc., but in interacting with people we get stuff. Well, yeah, we do, but I'd suggest that the optimal approach to people is to try to get these things as quickly as possible whilst minimizing exposure to other humans. Sadly, this will yield an approach to people that is selfish and demanding (see above), but I think this is inevitable. Interacting with people is a zero-sum game. CMV.