At work so I'll be quick. Note that I am NOT saying that college players DON'T play for the love of the game, since obviously there are many who playing knowing they won't be professionals. I'll lean on football, but the same applies to other sports with a pro equivalent. Here goes: College sports fans (biggest example, SEC football fans) have this idea that college sports are superior for a host of reasons that I think are absurd. A few arguements: "pro sports are all about the money" So are college sports. The NCAA has nearly a billion dollars in revenue, Alabama brings in 125 million per year (source: ). So while professional sports may be overt about it, the notion that college sports are somehow "pure" in that they aren't about money is silly. For the financial motivation of players, see... "college kids are just playing for love of the game" There's no reason to believe that pro athletes are any LESS in love with the game than amateurs. However, there are almost no examples (Myron Rolle is the only that comes to mind) of players who would turn down the opportunity to be professionals in their sport. There are some players who stick around another year or two before going professional, but there are just as many (many more?) who go pro ASAP. Meanwhile, many who stick around their college programs do so to improve their draft stock. In other words, many top level college guys have just as much financial motivation as do professionals. And, if anything, the only people you can definitively say do NOT play for the money, are those who are playing out their last year before retirement, in a contract where they have no more need to play very hard. Why would these players risk injury and work so hard, if not for the love of the game? "The college game is superior because it is more competitive" There's no reason to believe this either. First, pro players play what essentially amounts to a team full of college all-stars, every week. The very best from college often can't even make a pro roster - so there could not be a more competitive league. "pros don't care as much if they win" When you played football in your back yard, did you fantasize about the BCS championship, or the Super Bowl? The professional championships are (along perhaps with olympic gold) the pinnacle of athletic competition, and those who achieve greatness at sports aspire to be the very best and win the very highest title they can. So - I'm an NFL guy in SEC country, I'd love to love the college game as much as I do the pros but I just can't... unless you can change my view. Come at me, bros. Note I'll try to reply in batches around lunch and after work...