Edit: I just realized that there's a Popular Topic archive with this topic in it. I'm not sure if the mods are supposed to leave this one or remove it, but I'll be reading through some of the older versions of this topic. Let me preface this by saying that I'm not okay with raping babies. However, the idea of moral relativity, and the question, "How far can we take it?" are troubling ones. I've done some careful thinking and I believe that there are no objective morals at all. I'm interested in hearing what others think of my case, and equally interested in hearing theirs. Basically, my case for complete moral relativity is this: Human perception of morality varies wildly based on time, place, situation, and who you ask. For example, many of the moral guidelines described in religious texts would be completely unacceptable today, but back then they were the norm. We don't consider people from those eras of those religions "evil," even if we do say they are misguided. Therefore, it follows that morality must depend on context. As another example, I once had a very heated argument with a religious friend who claimed that cannibalism was objectively wrong. It is disrespectful to the dead. However, some cultures consider eating your dead a way of showing respect. It does not seem fair to call these people "evil" for doing what their culture does. In addition, if a person's survival depends on cannibalism, it does not seem fair to call them evil to prioritize their own life over the sanctity of a corpse. Therefore, even things that "feel" wrong to us, like eating human flesh, cannot be. Humans do not agree on moral issues. Euthanasia, abortion, and war are controversial issues. If morality were objective, we would all agree on these issues. Legality is a human construct, and is an attempt to enforce objective morality onto a relatively moral world. This is why the law is not always right. For example, criminals can sometimes get away with their actions by finding a loophole, and innocent people can be punished for breaking the law, even when it seems obvious that their actions were not immoral and did not present any significant danger to anyone. Therefore, objective morality cannot work in the real world. Human morality often reflects evolution. (And evolution can be used to explain certain "objective" morals) We intuitively value altruism because it is good for the population. We despise child abuse because we have an instinctive urge to protect our young. Most, if not all, of the things we consider "objectively wrong" are things that are harmful, to the individual or to the whole. It's probable, therefore, that a different civilization evolved in different conditions would not follow our objective morality. We cannot safely consider them "evil," so we must conclude that even if their morality is completely different from ours, they are still just as morally correct. To use an example from popular culture, the Formics from Ender's Game possess no free will on an individual level, and do not consider killing morally wrong. Humans hold free will and agency in high regard, yet the Formics do not, and even a seemingly objective moral rule, "Don't kill people," is not universal. However, as the author demonstrates, this does not make them evil. It just means that finding common morals is very difficult, if possible at all. From this case, it seems that the only possible moral code is that there isn't one; Morality is determined by those it concerns. Child abuse, rape, murder, stealing, these things are wrong because we consider them wrong, and because they are harmful to us. Objective morality of any kind cannot exist. This is not to say that I believe serial killers are just as moral as saints. It is clear that morals are necessary to the structure of society. We still must stop criminals who are harmful to society, even if we are unclear on the most moral way to go about doing so. We still must have moral standards, to help individuals get along with each other and keep humans happy. However, we have to accept that objective morality is inherently flawed. Edit: I've gotten some very good replies, and I'm answering all I can. I think I've arrived at the following conclusion: Morality cannot be thought of as strictly objective or relative. Instead, there are certain things that almost all humans can agree are immoral, such as murder and rape, so they are objectively wrong. These are usually defined by what is beneficial to humanity's survival. On the other hand, there are some things that are, at least at the moment, impossible to objectively determine as right or wrong, and for these we have to rely on personal experience and careful reflection until we have a better way of deciding. So I have changed my view a little, and I'm working on refining this into something a little clearer. Thank you guys for your input. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!