And no, I don't think I'm in the superior group, which is the reason I've come here. It seems totally logical to me some people are better than others in life, and because of that, some groups of people can be better. Areas with many superior people can form a group which is superior to an area with a fewer amount of superior people. However, I don't think it's possible to measure or to know which group is the best, and also I think the best group changes from time to time to another group. I define "superior" as those people who are the 1) most intelligent, 2) most physically fit, 3) most immune to illness or disease, 4) most able to adapt to change, 5) most able to abide by a set of morals and live more or less decently, 6) most attractive person to mate with. Then I look at each race or nation (depending on how I group them), and try to rank each of them by the above criteria, and based on how I perceive the groups. I do this probably because of some inferiority complex. Then I try to estimate which group has the highest number of superior individuals. Based on criteria I'd say that Spanish people, for example, are superior to Belorussians, for example. Spain has simply given humanity much more. Let's say nation A has men who have more superior qualities mentioned above than nation B, but fewer women of high quality. However, nation B, has many women of superior quality, and fewer men of low high quality. Thus, the optimal match would be men from nation A and women from nation B, in order to produce the best offspring. The men of B and the women of A are the losers in this scenario because they don't deserve to mate with their own group. In reality they can, but it wouldn't be optimal. I don't claim to know which is the superior group, but I do think individuals can be ranked, and thus groups can be ranked as well. This is reminiscent of racism and eugenics, of course. But I hate it. I hate feeling like I have to compare everyone and know that I'm on the bottom, but I can't help it. The inability to know who is best also causes me anxiety. Edit: thanks for all your civil replies. I think my views were adopted in an attempt to rationalize my emotions, so perhaps I need to sort that out first. But it definitely helps to know that I might be wrong. I'll try to put the delta on, but since I'm on my phone I'm not sure if it will work. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!