Lance Armstrong won the Tour de France seven times by taking EPO andwhen a test for EPO was developedby taking blood transfusions during the race to increase his red blood-cell levels. He passed all of the blood tests (shy one, where the story of using a particular ointment for saddle-sores was concocted to explain it). Doping in one form or another is always going to happen, and there will always be another method that can escape detection. If you're a professional athlete, or an amateur competing in high profile tournaments such as the Olympics, then you either dope or you face a significant disadvantage. I don't think this will ever change, and the consequence is that every winner will be tainted by doubt, so I think the only way to address this is to change the policy to allow specific types of doping. Ball-shrinking, liver wrecking, life endangering drugs would still be banned for the safety of the athlete, but anything that's either harmless (blood transfusions), or at the same level as "professional hazard" (like brain damage for boxers), would be allowed. One of the things that encourage me to have this view, and that I'd like addressed if it's wrong, is my understanding that the IOC relaxed their criteria for gender verification. The reason, as I understand it, is that there were simply too many legitimate side cases, so the hardline rule couldn't be enforced. Someone genetically male might have Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome or XXXXY mosaicism, for example, and grow up looking like a woman to anyone but a gene lab. One form of gender identification, which was mandated for all female olympic athletes by the International Olympic Committee in 1992, tested for the presence of the SRY gene, which is found on the Y-chromosome, to identify males potentially disguised as females. This method of testing was later abolished, as it was shown to be inconclusive in identifying maleness. From Wikipedia: Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!