First, I won't talk your ear off about viruses or how my grandma could use a mac. I feel that my opinion is more informed than the average mac user. I have heard countless times that building your own PC is the cheapest possible route to buying a computer. I do not Refute that self-built PCs are cheaper if you are looking for the best parts for the cheapest price. I also acknowledge that PCs are better for gaming. But macs have a large number of features not included with a desktop PC. Also, there is no downside (other than said above) to having a mac. Anything you can do with a PC I can do on my mac through bootcamp. Below is a list of what the components in my mac might cost. The numbers range from actual prices to plain guesses. Please keep in mind that A) apple does not make the names of the actual components easily available. B) All of the components used are ones that will fit into a computer .71 " thick, and might cost more for it. If you feel that any of these prices are wildly off, say so and I'll probably edit the post. The retail price of my mac (15" MacBook Pro Retina Late 2013) is 2000. NVIDIA GeForce GT 750M - 175.00 Iris Pro 5200 80.00 INTEL i7 Processor 200.00 Custom Motherboard 200.00 8 gb Memory 80.00 156 gb SSD 180.00 2880 x 1800 Display about 300 ppi 800.00 Speakers 50.00 Backlit Keyboard 45.00 Industry Leading Trackpad 60.00 8440 mAh Battery 80.00 Power Adapter 30.00 720p Video Camera 20.00 Custom Aluminium Body Only .71" thick - 200 The (estimated) total price of all these components is 2200. Even if you assume my estimations are off (let's say the real cost is 80 of my estimation) The price would still be 1760. And there are also a number of advantages to macs that can't be quantified in dollars: The aesthetics of macs are streets ahead of Every. PC. (Yes I mean that) There's no competition. The aluminum construction of my Mac, for a laptop, is Sturdy.As.Hell. Other than a select few PCs built for strength (which look like shit) there's not much of a competition. My computer is super small (slim) and can be taken anywhere. The same cannot be said about self-built (specifically desktop) PCs. This is a biggie. In the same way that most business programs are made for windows (that can be run through bootcamp), most art and music programs are made for mac (which cannot be run with a windows computer at all). I can run mac and windows applications side-by-side with Parallels. OS X is a better operating system (in my opinion, of course) because it is simpler (not necessarily easier) to use for experienced users. I have much better options to receive support: hundreds of apple stores, online and phone service that aren't run by baboons and don't have insane wait times. Edit: I am not trying to start a Macs vs. PCs debate. So often I hear that building your own PC is the cheapest and best option for buying a computer. I am pointing out that there are a number of advantages of having a mac laptop, and I am arguing that I am getting just as much for my money. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!