The main view I want changed is that these jokes do not help anything and are just as stupid as the comments they are meant to mock. So, as I constantly read Reddit I find myself getting more and more annoyed at the constant Atheist absurdity as everyone else. However, the response is no better than any other typical response. The whole bravetheist, fedora, and other wholly unfunny jokes just start an unending carousel of frustrating bullshit. I get that the circlejerk of religious hate can get annoying and to the point where the reddit Atheists are no better than the absurd fundamentalists they claim to hate, but I mean come on.... is the never ending flood of "oh wow so brave" and "so euphoric" comments any better? They seem more-or-less like hackneyed dialogues that do nothing in terms of rebutting people. But all those comments scream to me is pure elitism. They add nothing to the conversation, they just as unnervingly broad-brushing as the comments they mean to mock, and they are simply cringe-inducing. I have been trying so hard to just simply avoid discussions of religion that I knew were going to be one-sided whether in terms of Atheists or "wow so brave" morons (excuse me for that but I was particularly upset at the thread I was reading.) But even then most threads that have nothing to do with religion cannot help but go to the same damn tired joke of euphoria and fedoras as if being mad at religious people being broad-brushed similarly makes it okay to do the same. I believe these jokes are akin to someone buying a glass house and then going out to buy a bunch of rocks. Or better yet, the brave, euphoric assholes are teapots and the "Atheists" that annoy them ever so much are kettles. Both of them help nothing and even if that isn't the point it still doesn't stop it from getting to a level of broad-brushing insanity. And maybe I am biased because frankly I don't care one way or the other I am not an Atheist, but then again I could care less about Christianity or any religion. And to be quite frank I just wish people could all just realize that we are trying to be decent human beings and we could band together to shun the assholes; fundies, bigots, atheist assholes, murderers, rapists, etc. etc. I mean jeez it really shouldn't be that hard to recognize everyone just wants to live their lives Christian, Muslim, Atheist or whatever. I get that maybe that is not the point, and maybe I simply don't get it, which is why I need my view changed. Maybe I am acting pretentious and stupid, if so, please tell me because I do not wish to upset anyone I just do not simply get how the previously mentioned comments are funny let alone necessary.