Alright before we get started here, i should say first this to clear up things since this is such a broad thing. Decriminalizing street artgraffiti doesnt mean everything involving it would be legal. In my opinion at least, using someones private property without their permission should still be vandalism, and the spraying public property with out the intent to create art and instead the intent to visually damage it would also be vandalism. As well certain types of "vulgar" art would not be permitted, just as i can't go around yelling "FUCK" Just wanted to get these out of the way as I want this discussion to not be focused on nitpicking on the logistics of making the laws happen. Obviously other laws such as public mischief can still apply to street art even if the act of street art is legal. My main argument for this is simple: It adds a lot to a public area, makes it more interesting, and adds to the culture of it. Seeing street art on a passing bridge is always interesting to me, a grey wall is improved immensely by giving it something to actually look at. Imagine a city where graffiti is not only legal, but encouraged to be practiced. A city full of different art, pieces, styles, everywhere. All constantly changing, every month something new and different to see. It would amplify the feeling of "soul" and community cities usually have. Street art is essentially part of the culture. It's a way for the average citizen to imprint who they are, what is in their mind, in a way that everyone can see and enjoy. It's a unique form of art, where unlike music or film, you don't have to go out of your way to see and appreciate it. Simply on your daily commute you would see art. I'm sure a common worry would be the "quality" of the graffiti. A lot of people would imagine that everything would just be scrawling their names everywhere. It'd probably be the opposite if anything. With street art being legal, artists don't have to paint quick, scramble to get their work done out of the fear of any cops that may drive by. Now artists are free to take as much time as they want to perfect and detail their piece. Even to a unskilled tagger this makes a huge difference as they don't have to go in quick and get out fast. Also, I would imagine there's plenty of artists out there, who maybe work in other mediums, who would like to make art and are very artistic and skilled, but wouldn't do street art because of the fear, the legality, or the guilt of having someone have to sandblast what you did. Legalized street art means not just more art, but better art. The main reason graffiti is criminalized now is because of the "Broken window theory" which is now looked down on and been criticised many times. furthermore, legalization of street art would help private property owners such as business owners. With street art legal in public spaces, artists would have a massive incentive to avoid spraying private property, and instead do their works on public property such as a park instead, thus saving them the money and effort of cleaning their buildings. and lastly i'd just like to say again, i'd like to avoid this discussion being about the logistics of a law like this, and instead the idea of legal street art. TL:DR: Street art adds color and flavor to cities, strengthening the culture. It would allow artists to spend more time perfecting their works as they dont have to work fast to avoid the cops, and buisness owners wouldn't have to spend nearly as much money to clean sprayed walls as artists would avoid private property and instead go to the newly legal public property. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!