Mankind. Humans. That's us. We are burning fossil fuels at a staggering rate. Now, I ain't no expert or anything, but just looking at the amount of carbon we are inserting into the atmosphere on a daily basis should make anyone's head spin... Unless you work for a company that participates in that, I guess? I don't know where these "denialists" get off, but as a self proclaimed skeptic and scientific literate, I must by definition be open to the possibility that science is wrong about the primary cause of Climate Change being us lowly humans. I am open to that possibility, however you have an awful lot to go up against. Rant: Speaking of being a skeptic, any other skeptics out there find it insulting that denialists have attempted to hijack our identifying terminology? Makes us all look uneducated. You're a denialist because you go against a scientific consensus with no good reason. You ignore all the studies done. You don't read the peer reviewed papers. This by definition, makes you a denialist, not a skeptic. (End of rant) There has been countless studies on climate change which show an extremely obvious, in-your-face link to climate change and the actions of team people. If you want to refute this evidence, a single snippy opinion blog will not sway anyone whom is educated. You need to show us why we are wrong. Show us the science. Consensus. We have a 97 -0.1 consensus from scientists in relevant fields that climate change is a reality and its the result of human actions. Consensus matters. Why does it matter? That's easy. We can't all be experts in every field of understanding. No one person can know everything. If you think consensus doesn't matter, I have a question for you: Are you an expert in any scientific fields? I highly doubt you are. An expert would understand what a consensus is and why it matters as much as it does. It is one of many ways the layman can get a quick overall opinion on any subject before diving in and learning more about it. Consensus from experts in a scientific field matters because we can't all be experts in every scientific field. At this point in time, I find it extremely unlikely that Climate Change is not being driven by team people. We're having a huge impact on our environment, and we have to do something about it. As a self proclaimed skeptic I am by definition open to the possibility that we are wrong about this subject, however I feel that is extremely unlikely. I am also confident enough in my asserted position to not include a single source or citation with this post. Climate Change science is easily accessible. You can read about the consensus and find the information very easily. Have you heard of Google Scholar? Try it out. Climate Change is being driven mostly by humans. Change my view. Update: Fixed spelligngrammer Update 2: I have not been presented with any very convincing arguments that couldn't be easily debunked as bad science with some quick googling. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!