I want to stress first that I'm only talking about higher education here. I can understand the use of an elementary school writing rubric, because at that age they are still working on developing very rudimentary writing skills, and can often be graded fairly in a binary, right-or-wrong fashion. College is a whole different animal though. I'll disclose any possible biases first. I am a Physics student at an engineering college in CO. I consider myself a fairly good writer. I understand that writing is important, regardless of what field I'm going into. I acknowledge that writing is "humanizing," and can be incredibly enlightening if done correctly. I agree that an argumentative paper can be just as analytical as any math problem. But I absolutely refuse to believe that a point-value grading system and its corresponding tools (GPA, rubric, extra-credit, etc) are useful at all for my learning; in fact, I would say that they often do the opposite. - Points make me more cynical. I can't tell you how many times I've come across rubrics with sections that are nonsensical. For example, in an American History class I took at my old college, we were often required to write essays; on the rubric, there was a grammar subcategory that awarded us 8-10 points for "perfect" grammar. What the difference between 8-point perfect grammar and 10-point perfect grammar was, I never managed to find out. In a class I'm currently taking right now, I was awarded 2125 and a 2225 on two different one-page "papers" - no individual feedback whatsoever. I know that my writing isn't perfect. I know that I need to work on it. I'm actually fairly happy with those two grades; in fact, I bet if my teacher was perfectly honest, I would have been scored lower. Currently, my attitude is that I'll write something, get a grade, and not understand why I got the grade I did. That leads me to my next point. - Points have been grossly inflated. In a perfect world, the average GPA would be a 2.0, and employers would be happy to employ an average student. But neither of those things are true - not even close. Looking at gradeinflation.com, we have seen a nationwide increase of .2 in GPA over the past 15 years. The same website shows almost a point increase over the past century. I think perfectionism is running rampant, and students are getting a lot of anxiety because of it. - Points give a false sense of precision. Realistically, the difference between 3.9 and 4.0 is almost nothing. But it can often be the difference between a full-tuition scholarship and nothing. I still find it incredibly ironic that teachers are constantly hounding on me to include error bars and use sig-figs on hw in their classes, and yet the final grade that they give me does neither of these things. To give a personal example, I lost 3 of my grade in Linear Algebra for missing a minus sign in a row-operation question. This was the difference between a B and an A-. Can points really define how good we are at something, down to a mistake as small as a minus sign? I don't think so. - Points discourage creativity and risk-taking. This is especially true for writing classes, I feel. It sways my focus from making a really good paper to making an A paper. Often times, this amounts to doing exactly what the rubric asks - no more no less I don't really sympathize with the common "What else are we going to do?" argument, because I don't see why a 19 year old couldn't just start writing technical papers, novels, news articles, plays, etc. for actual professional review - no "points" attached. If the whole purpose of higher education is to serve society with acquired skillsknowledge, why are we still using an inflated and imprecise simulation, that ultimately makes a student more cynical and less creative and "risky" with his own writing? Why not just skip the simulation altogether?