So what, is piracy? Its when a person has something, and shares it for free. When you say it like this it doesn't seem as bad does it? Almost like having a few friends come watch a movie they didn't pay for, or letting them listen to music they didn't pay for. Actually, its exactly the same except your "peers" aren't your friends and its done by copying code. So why is it that its illegal to show someone a movie by giving them the code of that movie, but its legal to have a hundred people at your house watching it? This argument is a philosophical one so get ready. I believe that we as humans should not profit so much from things that can be.so easily reproduced. A Hollywood blockbuster makes hundreds of millions of dollars. This is do to the fact that you have to pay to see it. So the movie has value because of this and its value is so much that there are copy right laws protecting that huge value. This is where people say piracy undermines that value and money is lost. In this example, the rarity of the movie gives it value. In the past, movies were rare. They were not easy to reproduce. To see one you had to go to a theater that had equipment you would be hard pressed to find in a persons home. The value was real in that sense because movies were not easily assessable. But today, movies are just code. Actors and actresses and directors and producers come together to produce a unique code. It takes years to perfect the code. But once it is finished, It fits into everyones phone or tablet, or labtop or computer. Its not rare at all, Its easily reproduced. So easily in fact, that if one person has this code, literally everyone with a device can have it in as long as it takes to share it. So you can look at the digital medium as being an appendage of the human. There is a Web connectong us all via code, and once you produce something, its o that Web. Its exactly same as when we can invite a friend over for a movie, just easier. You could even say that the internet connects hundreds of millions of minds in a literal sense. Everything you think, hear, see, read etc. is available to the next person. The internet is one mind connected like neurons. So showing someone a movie is the same as giving them the formula or code for that movie. And since we are all connected now it is only logical that everyone has acssess to this. to illustrate this better, imagine the not so distant future. Eventually our memories will be as permeable and accessible as a sd card. Scientists can already figure out if you have been somewhere or not by showing you a picture and scanning your brain. They can even use scans to see what you see... the reverse of whats normal. Its becoming increasingly obvious that we are merging with our technology. One day, you will be able to send your memory of a place and event to someone via the internet and they will experiwnce it as if they were there. You will be able to "download" memories and there will be a vast web that contains memories of everyone (For law and order). The point I am getting at is we are as mechanical as computers. We just haven't figures out the input and output yet. But the internet is connecting us exponentially into a single mind and its becoming more and more unrealistic to expect our ideas and artwork to stay isolated. The connections used to be slow and impractical. To transfer our viewing of art we had to come in person. This way the producers could make sure no one could have an experience without paying. I may be repeating myself now but the difference today is the neurons in your brain that configure to produce thw sight and the audio are so well understood they can be reformatted and sent wirelessly. Slowing this is slowing human process. Now, is the act of transferring encoded visuals and audio stealing? Isn't telling someone what happens in film the same thing? Just a less acurate way I'd argue. And it seems like people will pay the makers of art for their work if they like it enough, and that seems more resonable. Why should I pay for something thaf sucks? And shouldn't the artist be more interested in creating a masterpiece, than making money? Art is an industry like never before and Hollywood tricks us into paying for substandard artwork with fake reviews and inaccurate trailers. Art used to be created with the goal of sharing experience. Not making money. This was largely forgotten when ideas were made into objects. (Records, VHS tapes) Hers it was made into a business. Singers had value because they were the only people who could make these beautiful sounds. for most of history you payed a singer to appear because theat was the only way to get the music. They weren't as rich as they are now becuase you could not encode this experience and mass produce it. Once that became possible it was no longer an experience - instead it was a commodity. This made producers of art very rich. instead of a few people hearing their voice, it was possible for everyone to hear it. At a price. But the reason vocalists had value and were paid was because they were rare. You could not listen unless you were there with them. And they were still somewhat rare after records were invented becuase you needed that record to hear them and a record player. The sounds were encoded and it was not an easy process. So records had lots of value. Today this encoding and distribution is so easy, that its as if there only needs to be one "record" and everyone can listen. That is to say there only needs to be an encoding process once and everyone can listen. And philosophically, its the same as if everyone in the world could travel to hear a singer, but only one person (the original purchaser who seeds torrents) bought it. So trying to stop this, stops progress. Artists still make money even with all if this. Phew i hope you guys understand what I'm trying to say. CMV Tl;DR Sharing art via the internet is the same as one person purchasing while others freeload off of that puechase. Technology has just connected out minds to the point that this freeloading is easily avilable to everyone.