I should note that this post isn't meant as a criticism of the Batman mythos; although the character isn't my absolute favorite, I prefer Batman to pretty much any other DC comics hero. In most of the cannon Batman works (i.e. excluding the Frank Miller portrayal of the character in the The Dark Knight Returns, The Dark Knight Strikes Again, and the All Star Batman and Robin series), the character manages to maintain a brooding, dark personality without loosing his fundamental moral code (a feat that later comic book writers would fail to properly capture when writing similar anti-heroes). Although many of his abilities aren't realistic, he has clear, finite limitations and remains a mortal man on a superhero team that is (almost) exclusively populated by those possessed of god-like powers. However, despite all of this, Batman displays a total package of physical capabilities that no human being should be capable of utilizing, no matter how "well-trained" they might be. In the comics, Batman has been regularly observed lifting objects in excess of 900lbs (also, he casually mentions that his maximum leg press weight is 2500 lbs in Batman Odyssey 2). In Batman 655, he bench-pressed 1000 pounds as a part of his workout routine (which is technically possible, although not for someone of his framebuild). His punches are occasionally depicted as strong enough to send opponents hurtling through brick walls, and his kicks are capable of knocking down reinforced steel doors. His agility, speed, and reflexes are also especially suspect. He can dodge bullets (even bullets from submachine guns, sniper rifles, and gatling guns), arrows, grenades, and energy blastsbeams at almost any range. He can snatch guns from multiple shooters without giving them enough time to react or pull the trigger, and he is apparently fast enough to run the distance of a rooftop and make a 20 foot jump to rescue an older woman from being hit by a truck. Personally, I don't feel that Batman's quasi-superhuman abilities cheapen the story in any way, but I still think that it is grossly inaccurate for the character's fanbase to insist that he "has no powers." Batman is better than even the greatest Olympic sprinters, gymnasts, and weightlifters, and on top of all this, he has genius-level IQimpeccable detective skills and a broad mastery of several dozen martial arts forms. It is possible for one person to be exceptionally gifted in one or even two areas, but it is extremely unlikely that someone with the speed of Usain Bolt would also have the raw strength of Paul Anderson. Different body types are adapted for exhibiting specific physical talents, and the traits that make someone good at running would probably make them terrible at deadlifting; extreme-level agility, stamina, speed, strength, fighting skills, and intelligence aren't really qualities that tend to coexist in a singular individual. In summary, Batman is simply too good at too many things to be considered a "powerless" hero, and some of the things he's particularly skilled at (i.e. dodging bullets) shouldn't be thought of as humanly possible in the first place. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!