Freedom of religious expression can impinge on the liberties or rights of others. Democracy grants the Westboro Baptist Church the right to stand on public property outside the funeral of a soldier with signs that promote the idea that promote the idea that 'God hates soldiers.' Yet, in doing so the right of the people in attendance is infringed because the picketers are promoting an ideology that violates the liberties of the funeral attendees. Another point. A government can't be truly democratic if an individual is not allowed to base his political beliefs on his religious beliefs. The leader of a democratic state is not allowed to govern the country under religious influences. Leaders are expected to create policies and make decisions that are impartial to religion. But does this not deny the right of the leader to freely exercise hisher religion? Finally, democracy says it's fair for everyone but it's really only fair for the people that represent the majority religion. The Australian Federal Parliament begins each day by reciting a Christian prayer. Tasmanian Liberal MP Andrew Nikolic, in response from a push from the Greens to have the prayer replaced by a minute of reflection, said The Greens are] proposing discrimination of the very worst kind; discrimination against the majority." 1 Also, if a PresidentPrime Minister is proven to govern in accordance with the principles of secularism, should it matter hisher religion. In the political context of the United States, it does. What surfaces is a democratic conundrum. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!