Here's why I think this Women are much more codified in their clothing then men. Men's clothing is largely unisex, and women can often get away with [wearing suites] the ultimate male garb You find that people born female but identify as male tend to be less motivated to use hormonessurgery appear masculine,then vic versa (born male but identify as female) [by three to one] (one out of 30,400 vs one out of 11,900).Which is mind blogging because trans gals often struggle with passing much more than trans guys. The effects of testosterone are very difficult to reverse. Laser, electrolysis, FFS, etc are very hard and expensive. Other strong masculine cues, like tall height, broad shoulders, big hands and feet, etc are impossible to reverse. When going the other direction, the stength of T helps trans guys out. Facial hair and a deep voice can usually make even a short, lightly built trans guy pass as male. Women when they have more economic and social freedom make career choices that tie closer to their gender. The same is not true for men. For instance [in China, 40 of engineers are women] ,[engineering male-female ratio in India is 1.96 as compared with 4.61 in the U.S] , and Iran has more female engineers then male1 As of 2006, women accounted for over half of university students in Iran and 70 of Iran's science and engineering students. [Women in engineering in the United States] in 2003 approximately 20 (approximately 12,000) of new engineers were women, compared with about 80 of men (approximately 49,000) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!