First of all, I want to explain how much exposure I've had to these games. I played almost ALL of the AC games at least partially, but I completed Assassin's Creed 2 entirely. AC2 was considered to be better than 1 in many different ways by most critics and the AC games are generally rated very well over all. I go under the assumption that the central point of gaming is the interactivity between the player and the game. Obviously, this is what separates games from movies or cartoons or other forms of art. Another assumption I make is that games should have some kind of meaningful interactivity, the game shouldn't be passive button presses that don't make much of a difference. There should be some skill, difficulty, etc. involved. One of the ways that games can be so good, is that they can interact with you. They can show you that an enemy is scary and powerful IF the enemy IS actually scary and powerful and difficult to defeat in the game. Assassin's Creed games, like AC2, have extremely simplistic one button combat. There's also very little difference between different enemies you face in the game. Virtually every single enemy is defeated with the same button presses as long as you time it in the same manner. The character's movements have little to do with your input. You simply tap the button the same way for each enemy each time and you what your character do preprogrammed complex movements, and this makes the player feel not involved with the game. Same issue with freerunning around the cities in AC games. You simply push FORWARD and the character moves through the city with the player having to do very little other than change direction occasionally. The character jumps and grabs, and does many things automatically, again making the player feel totally disconnected from the game, and the game basically plays itself like a movie. In direct opposition to a game like AC, is dark souls for instance. In dark souls you actually have to DO the things you need to do to defeat different and complex enemies and bosses. Your movement and attacks are mostly based on your own skill and inputs in dark souls games. Additionally, gameplay is extremely similar in assassin's creed games. Every mission is just "go here" and defeat this wave of enemies after this long cutscene that shows your character automatically assassinating some dude like in a movie. There's very little of anything interesting to break up with boring samey gameplay. Indeed there are many cutscenes and story elements to the games, but then again that has nothing to do with gameplay. NOTE: I have heard that the newest installment of the AC series DOES finally include different combat mechanics and such, however I have also heard that these don't actually change much. Primarily I am unable to test this though because I have heard the game has very large amount of glitches and severe framerate issues, so I feel it's not worth the money to buy such a broken game anyway. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!