When it comes to digital content, content creators put in a high amount of effort to produce it, and it is a career for many. In a professional setting, this can become very expensive. This digital content must generate revenue in some way to pay for its production and pay those that worked on it so they can support themselves and their families. Piracy is not exactly stealing. While it is true that you are "taking a product without paying for it," you aren't removing from a supposed inventory-the producer isn't losing anything except the theoretical possibility that you may or may not have purchased it legitimately. Piracy cuts into revenue as people realize they do not need to pay for something to receive it, and instead find a way to acquire it for free. But it is not entirely theft, as you are not costing them any resources by illegally acquiring a copy of their digital product. They are not losing any tangible good or funds directly from your torrent download. Ads are another way to monetize digital content. Content distributors realize people hate paying for things, so they are monetized with ads. Ads, while annoying, enable free distribution of content in which all parties benefit. Free content for the user, advertiser receives attention, distributor receives payment. This worked well for a while, until ad blocking software began growing. As the usage of ad blocking software grows every year, ad supported networks begin to fail. Joystiq, despite seeing significant growth in traffic, was recently shut down due to producing less revenue as a result of ad blocking software, resulting in many employees losing their jobs. With ad blocking software, you aren't just acquiring content for free, thus preventing monetization, but you're costing resources while providing nothing in return. Maintaining a network and distributing content is expensive, and content distributors charge by the Gigabyte. By streaming a video while utilizing ad blocking software, companies are losing money. In some ways, by preventing the monetization of a website, while consuming resources, ad blocking software is more detrimental to a producer and distributor than simply pirating the content via a torrent. There are some exceptions to both cases in which it may be moral to do either -You pirate content you cannot legally acquire in your country (often due to licencing issues) -You pirate content to try it out, and later purchase it if you like it -You use adblock by default for protection, but disable it on sites that deliver ads in a non obstructive manner. In theory, if the usage of ad-blocking software continues, we may see a trend of microtransaction based web-content begin to grow-it works well in mobile apps games, it could theoretically hit social media. Imagine being limited to 10 comments a day, or being able to pay to refill them. This could in theory become a reality once the usage of adblock rises to a rate in which ads no longer generate revenue that pays for server costs and employees.