People who get paid to kill people shouldn't get a heroes welcome when they return home. We shouldn't give an army veteran any special attention because they 'defended our country'. The people we are at war with are people too, and it's not only civilian lives lost that are the tragedies. Even if the original intent of war is good, ie to liberate and bring democracy, the people who are paid to go over there and murder the people in charge are not heroes. People that risk their lives to save strangers day to day are heroes. We shouldn't raise money to support the troops if they get injured either, they signed up to risk fatal injury in the first place. I seem to be in a minority here, so please CMV. EDIT: Wow. I did not expect this post to invoke such a response. Thank you all so much, it's been quite a reflective 24 hours. You have all taken time to compose serious and well thought out responses and I am very grateful. I wish I could have replied to you all. I have read all the comments and I felt like I had something to say to everybody. I was surprised at the amount of people who were fighting my corner, and put into words what I find hard to express. I expected to get completely driven into the ground. Just before I go on I apologise if I offended anybody in the military or has someone they care about in the military. I don't detract from someone's human nature and think a military personnel is any less of a person than anybody else or should be treated differently. I think my view is now a lot more open minded, but I wouldn't say it has changed. Right now, the general public talk about 'the horrors of war', so although we can't understand war until we are there, no one who signs up to be on the front line can be surprised by what they face, regardless of how young they are. Most young people decide not to join the military, and saying that young people that do are just kids seems to insult their intelligence or maturity for whatever reasons they have for signing up. I can't heap all the blame onto the Government or commanders for war, the people who volunteer know what they are doing and do not have to do it, but the job they have chosen is to follow orders, which everyone knows in the army means to occasionally (?) kill. Some people have said that if no one volunteered then people would definitely be drafted. I don't believe this is the case. We live in a democracy. If no one volunteers, that means no one wants to go to war, and no one would vote for a politician that wanted to introduce conscription. Also volunteering to stop someone else having to join is probably a reason for only a small minority of military personnel. Additionally if WW3 broke out and people I knew were conscripted, I still wouldn't hail them 'heroes'. No one is a hero just for doing what the Government tells them to do. I see a hero who does something with noble intent. I think that's why our current armed forces are seen as heroes because they volunteer, but again only an idiot would join the armed forces expecting to just hold weaponry and never use it. I don't dehumanise soldiers. Quite the opposite. I think they are humans just like everyone else and have empathy and intelligence to make good decisions. If anyone is dehumanising anyone, it's the soldiers and their leaders when they shoot down their fellow man. I also feel that grouping an entire group of people with one job as heroes detracts from what a real hero is. A soldier that kills someone and then pisses on the body is not a hero. Often it's the brutality of it all that drives people to commit atrocious acts like that, but you will still get nasty or immoral people in the military regardless. These acts go on and we rarely hear of them because people would lose faith. You can't group all soldiers into 'hero' category when some of them are inherently bad people. uPotaoeaway, I agree. The main thing people who are deployed are thinking about when they get back is getting home to their families, not a heroes welcome. I think the media is responsible for telling us what our views of the military should be. My cause for concern came from the reaction I got from my peers when I refused to donate money to the Royal British Legion on Remembrance Day. I genuinely feel very isolated for holding the views that I do. In summary I now see why people support the troops a lot clearer than I did, but I feel more confident in my own views and how to execute them if ever I enter into another debate. Thank you for all your comments, I will continue to read them all and take in what you all have to say, but no deltas today, I'm afraid.