It seems like textbook case of lesser of two evils to me. Whether the government is technically legitimate or not, Assad's regime has managed to keep a semblance of stability in Syria for several decades, something that will surely be gone ifwhen he loses. The rebels have no unified political credo or long-term strategy for ruling the country, should they win at best there will be a new civil war and at worst the country will dissolve into warring tribes. Either case seems to bode badly for the civilian population. Yes, I am aware that Assad has killed civilians in the past, these have not been ethnic pogroms though, from what I can tell. His regime has a religious minority at its foundation and has managed to keep ethnic and religious minorities relatively safe from Sunni purges. Ultimately his government appears to be relatively secular, something I cannot say about the rebels. Targeted killing of dissidents is certainly bad, but it's on a completely different level to religious and ethnic cleansing, examples of which can already be seen on the rebel side. I believe the best way to reduce civilian casualties (which I'm taking as the main objective of the intervention, as opposed to the geopolitical chess that motivates the real life thing) is for an international peace-keeping operation to demand a cease-fire in the region. Assad has expressed a desire to begin negotiations a while ago, citing the disorganised nature of the rebels as being the biggest hurdle, if a cease-fire is imposed by the international community I believe only certain rebel factions will be in opposition. Ultimately the most desirable outcome of this would be for Assad to remain in power while agreeing to certain demands from the rebels (up to and including ceding land, if it comes to that). For Assad this remains a victory as he gets to stay alive. For the secular rebels this would be a win as they managed to prove a point, gain international support and bring media scrutiny to Assad's regime. For the civilian population this would be a victory as secular rule of law would return. Obviously I don't expect this to actually happen, I just figure it's the best strategy if we want to minimise human suffering rather than fuck over Russia and Iran.