So earlier I was reading [this article] about some Portland, Maine protesters who had a topless march around their city. This group consisted of both men and women, of all physiques, ages, etc. As you can plainly see, the title and content of the article mentions that women were "surprised and upset" as men showed up to admire their bodies, some even snapping photographs. This type of attitude toward open displays of sexual attraction is not an isolated incident, as I'm sure you're all aware. I honestly do not understand the concept behind this. To explain my stance perhaps a bit better, here are some bullet points: These men and women chose to remove their clothing. These men and women chose to be in public. These men and women are well aware that sexuality exists and has a strong relationship with exposed skin. No one was raped or molested. Looking is not rape or molestation. With these facts in mind, I cannot fathom how these people could be "surprised" that people showed up to have a look, nor can I empathize with people who say they are outraged or emotionally offended. It seems to me like they are trying to play thought police, bandying about something that in Western culture is very blatantly sexual and then demanding that people not think about them in a sexual way. Either that, or there is an extreme amount of naivete at work here. This isn't isolated to just nudity or partial nudity, either. It has become a trope in Western society that when attractive people, perhaps most often women, wear provocative clothing out in public, they get "harassed" by people giving them compliments or simply looking a bit too long. These people get angry at being looked at or complimented on their appearance. Our world is sexual. It is the way nature works. Sexual attraction is normal and good. I believe that these people who claim to be surprised, offended, or emotionally traumatized by open displays of sexual attraction either need a reality check or need to grow up. I do not believe that these displays are harmful. CMV. EDIT: Alright everyone, I've had my opinion altered a good bit. I still hold that these people in this protest knew what they were getting into, but the discussion on objectification was fantastic. I've learned that my definition of "objectification" was at best very loose and at worse downright incorrect. I wasn't aware of behaviors like self-objectification or body-monitoring, and several of the studies and videos linked were very elucidating. Thanks everyone for your contributions to changing my view. I probably won't be replying to this thread any more. Have a good one, everyone. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!