Notice that I'm not saying all women in general will only have sex for money, attention, favors, etc. This is just a believe I been subconsciously plagued by for quite a while. Anyways, here is a little about me. The roof I was raised under was not perfect. My mom has always been a narcissist type of parent who always had this major obsession with money and everything else that revolve round life of economics. At age ten when she met my stepdad she decided to dismiss her parental responsibility she had towards me and decided prioritize my stepdad over me just because "he was the one with the money, who pays for the rent, the food, etc." and by the time I was 14 she was already pressuring me to get a job so I can support her too with the house bills and everything else like if I was her husband myself. Now I'm 27 and it's safe to say that I been living on my own for four years now and my life has been more at peace. Yet still till this day I can't overcome this distorted views I have towards women do to my mom having her gold digger's agendas. Every time I go out and I see women check me out I never feel flattered. I instead feel like they are up to something and are only digging me because they see something in me that will benefit them later on. My mom isn't the only negative example I have, I even see the majority of women who I come across in public projecting these types of behavior. Though I'm really not a club person I do go out clubbing with my peers every now and then, yet in these places I only see women being drowned to guys that buy them endless drinks, who resemble Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt, and has lots of flashy expensive attires, just to give a few examples. Let's also not forget that growing up in America is not easy. Unlike the rest of the world it seems like Americans only view sex as a commodity, a social collateral or something that is extremely taboo unless you are willing to accept or sacrifice something for it. Anyways, I just know that not all women in the world are like this but the memories of my troubled past won't let me overcome this ignorance. So I was wondering how can I kick this ignorance out of my life for good?