In the U.S., I just saw yet another "no federal funding for abortion" article circling through the conservative blogosphere, and it has prompted me to start this CMV. Proposing that no federal funds be used for something you don't like - like abortion - is unreasonable. To my knowledge, I can't think of any other issue in which the opponents propose this. It's only abortion access opponents who suggest that federal funds shouldn't be used for this issue they don't approve of. You don't see pacifists requesting no more federal funding for weapons or war. You don't see home-school supporters requesting no more federal funding for public schools. You don't see natural organic food supporters requesting no more federal funding for farms that use GMOs or for health care for diabetics whose disease was caused by their own diet. (You do see conservatives in general requesting less federal funding of everything in general, but they're a separate topic.) The bottom line is that our tax dollars go to fund so many various things, and it's unreasonable to request that no tax dollars be spent on something you disapprove of. That's what voting for elected officials is supposed to be for: that is how we're supposed to shape our government. Not by trying to withhold tax dollars from being used on something you disapprove of. If everybody did that, and everybody had the ability to go line by line through the federal budget and choose what their tax dollars can or cannot be used on, we'd be left with chaos. This isn't about abortion and nobody will ever change my view that abortion is a-okay, but rather this is about whether or not trying to withhold federal funding for something is a viable way to self-govern one's nation, and I contend that it is not. I am definitely open to my view being changed if someone can show that this actually is a good way to self-govern our nation. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!