In America (limiting this post to the US, since that's where I am and have knowledge of), I think that if fire arm safety was taught in schools, we would have fewer gun related accidents. I would suggest age appropriate training, (say Eddie Eagle or something similar if you don't like the NRA, for younger children, all the way up to the 4 basic gun safety rules, for high schoolers, and basic knowledge i.e. the difference between a single shot, semi auto, fully auto, calibers and different types of guns, possibly even promoting high school rifle teams). This would, I think, demystify guns, and go a long way towards educating people. Ideally, this would be a yearly thing, maybe just a day or two a school year, to refresh on the basics for safety. I would say that parents would have the right to opt their children out of it (Hoplophobia, or 'an irrational aversion to weapons, as opposed to justified apprehension about those who may wield them' or more commonly a fear of firearms, is a real thing.), though I would make it the default to go through it. The quickest way to change my view would be to point out the unintended consequences of this. Knowledge, in my mind, is never as dangerous as ignorance. Apologies if this has been brought up before here, but the search didn't show it. I am willing to change any minor points in structure to the course (i.e. waiting until senior year for the class on the 4 basic rules instead of starting in freshman year), if given good reason, but would like to know what reasons this might not work. Thanks again. Edit: I'm heading home and crashing out. My view has been changed more than I was expecting. I still believe that gun safety and the basis of guns is something everyone should know, however several commenters have shown how this wouldn't be as practical as I originally thought, at least for high schoolers. For kid safety courses, I haven't found enough data to say it should be mandatory for them either. I would like to see it studied on a larger scale and more thoroughly to see if it is effective or not, and would make that a prerequisite before instituting that policy on a national scale. Thank you everyone for your responses, even if I didn't agree with all of them. I'll check back in about 8 hours or so. Good night all. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!