I've been reading the manga Fairy Tail for years now and through it all I don't think there has ever been anything real in the sense of character development or anything to change the one dimensionality of the characters in the story. They're all basically the same person with different powers. The heroes are incapable of losing and seemingly don't ever actually train to get stronger. A great example, I think, is Bleach. Ichigo has huuuuge plot armor however he has lost battles, lost his powers, died and grown a lot as a person. The closest the fairies ever came to this was when acknowlogia or however you spell it blew up the island and seemingly killed all of them except when he didn't. Or the fact that they never ever run out of energy ever. They will literally say "I'm at my limits" and then pull out some horseshi final move that sends the enemy flying. At least in some of the better manga if the big bad is super powerful then the hero gets they butt handed to them until they come back powerful enough to fight them. When they are that powerful usually around the time the hero is "at their limits" the big bad is too. In the most recent chapters they were fighting one of the most powerful demons and he was wrecking them like nobody's business without even breaking a sweat and then suddenly one of the guys shows up with some new power and starts fighting back when the big bad unleashes some ultimate death move. And they both shrug it off. Like it's nothing. The reason I'm saying all of this is because they never experience loss and as such never have any reason to grow as characters. Instead they are basically the same people from the first chapter with more powers. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!