These days it seems like every kid who's a bit different from their peers is branded with a mental disorder and drugged up andor sent to special education. I was diagnosed with Asperger's syndrome when I was about 10 years old, probably because I was obsessed with Pokemon (it was 1999, and so were most of my classmates), and kind of shy because I had transferred schools the year before and didn't know anyone. I was put in a special ed. class, where several times a week I would play Candyland with a few other kids, and read "social stories" about working nicely with others. This lasted up through mid-junior high. And it gave me a huge inferiority complex. I thought that because of my "Asperger's syndrome," that something deep in my brain was broken and that I could never make friends, go on dates, or be otherwise socially successful. I thought that I was doomed to be a weirdo and a "sperg" forever. I had a few other friends with Asperger's, and they all thought the same way too. When I was 14, I transferred to a private school where there was no special ed. classes and I was a normal kid like everyone else. Lo and behold, I forgot all about my Asperger's diagnosis. I was still shy, I was a geek, but over the next two years I came out of my shell and learned to interact with my peers as an equal - and not as some poor kid with a brain problem that makes her a social leper. Now, you would never guess I'm an "Aspie." I have plenty of friends, a steady boyfriend, and as full of a social calendar as I want (I'm still an introvert, but there's nothing wrong with that:P). A while ago, I reconnected with one of my old classmates who was also diagnosed with Asperger's and put in special ed with me. He spent most of our conversation complaining about how difficult it is for him to make friends in college, and how he can never get a girl to date him, and so forth all because "I have Asperger's." I tried to explain to him about how damaging labels can be, and yadda, yadda, but he wouldn't hear any of it. "I have Asperger's so I can't do that!." Honestly, it seems like the Asperger's label becomes a [self-fulfilling prophecy] for many people. When you tell an impressionable young kid that they supposedly have a mental syndrome, with a long scary name, that makes them naturally unpopular and friendless, that's going to do some serious damage to their confidence and sense of capability in the world. Before we had "Asperger's syndrome," shy and geeky kids were just that - shy and geeky. Shyness can be overcome, and geekyness isn't even a problem at all. But when we frame these traits as an incurable flaw, a syndrome, listed with all the other mental disorders in the DSM, we set kids up to believe that they cannot control their destinies. I have a big problem with that.