I understand this may be difficult to explain so please ask for clarification if necessary. I think of relationships as an exchange. Each person has things they are willing to offer, and things they need in exchange. Consider an online dating profile: Imagine someone says, "Nature lover is a MUST!" In that circumstance, I would say it is established that in order to reap the benefits of a relationship with that person, you must offer a love of nature. If someone else's profile said "Must enjoy kids," then if those two people began a relationship, it would be previously established that the first person must love kids for the second person to be happy, and the first person must love nature for the first person to be happy. To me, that is two people deciding on a fair exchange; they each have expectations that they need to be met, and each person has different requirements and different things to offer. If the second person did not love nature, and was not willing to love nature, then that person would be unable to reap the benefits of being in a relationship with person one. I think these "requirements" or "expectations" like things you see on a dating profile should be subject to change. People's lives and opinions constantly change, and so what is required at one point in time might change over the course of a relationship. So consider the following circumstance. Person 1 says on their dating profile, "Must love the color orange" and Person 2 says "Must love the color blue." Perhaps they both start talking, and they begin dating. Person 1 meets Person 2's requirements, and so Person 2 gets the benefit; perhaps he gets to have a SO that wears blue. Person 2 also loves the color orange, and Person 1 has his requirements met, with a n SO that wears orange. In this circumstance there are established requirements on each side that are being met. These basic ideas of loving a particular color can be replaced with personal characteristics or interests, like having a particular sense of humor, or living a certain lifestyle, or even just being a particular gender. Now, what if person 1 changes over time, and gets a new requirement: must love the color red. If person 2 cannot meet that requirement, and simply cannot love the color red, the relationship will likely come to an end. If person 2 cannot adapt to the new requirements, then person 1 might sit person 2 down and say, "It's not working out. We have different needs" or something like that, or perhaps even the cliche'd "Its not you, its me." Sometimes the terms of these exchanges are strange or otherwise not standard traits, for instance, there is a stereotypical "trophy wife" idea; The man asks for a beautiful young wife, and the wife asks for a luxurious lifestyle. In these arrangements, while some people may disagree with the choices of those involved, it is a fair exchange for one person to offer up attractiveness and youth and the other to offer money. Now, what if instead of desiring a young and attractive partner, the man desired a wife that would submit to physical abuse? What if he said on his profile, "Must submit to physical beating every day." If there was a woman willing to supply that, she could be a perfect match. She could offer up being beat, and perhaps he offers up a lavish lifestyle. In that exchange, the terms are (physical pain) for (luxurious lifestyle) rather than (physical Beauty) for (luxurious lifestyle). In that circumstance, I see no reason why that isn't a valid trade. Perhaps the woman involved doesn't mind the beatings, or whatever. I think if the woman was willing to offer it, it is acceptable. I think the most common way we see this situation in the real world is when a person is abused and they feel they have "no where else to go." I think in some circumstances, someone submits to verbal or physical abuse in exchange for the other person being the main breadwinner; in that circumstance, someone trades abuse for moneyfoodhousing, which is a valid trade in my opinion. Now, the thing is, most commonly when we see this in the real world, it doesn't work that cleanly, because there is a threat outside of the terms of the deal. The deal of taking abuse for a roof over your head no longer becomes fair, in my opinion, when the person doing the abuse has a threat outside of cancelling "their half" of the deal. If the woman in that circumstance was going to be harmed if she left the guy, or another threat was present, it would be an amoral abusive relationship. If the only thing she loses is the moneyhousing, then it is simply her making a trade she feels comfortable making. So, to change my view, you will have to convince me that in a theoretical relationship where one person does things typically considered abuse in exchange for offering something themselves, the person doing the abuse is behaving unethically. You will have to convince me that in the circumstance of Person 1 asking for submission to abuse in exchange for offering some other benefit to person 2, person 1 is wrong for abusing person 2, even though it was agreed upon by both parties. Please ask questions to clarify this mess I made!