I find the obsession with sources to be annoying in many cases. Unless someone states a fact that is to be accepted as such (no reasoning to dissect behind it), such as - 87 of people who listen to metal music end up contemplating suicide, or 56 of children whose parents are divorced have bad teeth, demanding a source is just lazy. Many people who submit a cmv may be more or less informed on the topic they are talking about. Finding relevant articles for the purpose is a bit of a pain, plus it then ends up focusing the discussion on dissecting the article. If I want to discuss something and have to quickly find sources, I would try to google them (even if I read a lot on it before), and then quickly decide wheter this is really what I had in mind or not, possibly linking to something of a suspicious source. People post here to discuss views and to debate (possibly get informed), if you are forcing them to do research it almost defies the purpose of what they are trying to do here. I don't mind someone stating that the posters view isn't really a fact, and then elaborating further on why not, or linking their own sources, but I do mind when an "intuitive" view that is relatively explained only gets replied to with "source?" I think also part of what people here enjoy is a debate. i don't always defend or attack views that match my own, sometimes I just like finding reasons to keep the debate going. Many real debate teams actually end up having to defend two opposing views for final victory, differing from one round to the next. The pleasure comes from trying to find reasons, trying to disprove the original statement, point out to flaws in argument. Any argument that is backed by some rational thinking can be dissected. Saying "source" in such cases is just dumb and i don't understand the need to even post at all then. Finally, I think the sources themselves aren't always absolute. A corelation can be proven to some extent between something, that doesn't mean we can't still look at it rationally and interpret the results differently. So to sum up, I am not against bringing up sources, especially when hard cold facts are stated, but I think the essence of this sub should be reasoning. I think users who try to end the discussion by saying "source?" and ending it there shouldn't even bother and are the lazy ones, not the poster who doesn't feel like spending significant time doing online research just to come up with something to link here.