As you can tell from the title, I think Commnism can be successful with a very democraticly-setup (Meaning everybody has an equel opinion and power) government system. I had to do a report on Communism so I did some research. Before this, I knew very very little about what Communism was at all. All I knew was that it was supposedly bad. Then, I researched it, and I'm like "Is this what all the fuss is about?." It seemed that it could be a Utopia where everybody works togather, towards a goal, and everybody is equel, and everybody has an equel shot at promotions and moving up in the system (i.e. rewards for their effort). I turn on the TV to see celebrities like the Kardasians that have no talent what-so-ever, get paid for stuff 99.99999 (repeating 9) of the population would have to pay to do (spend money, relax, live a very nice life). So a lot of you probably drink coffee a lot, especially in America. So the coffee industry is huge, profitable industry, but then I look on the internet and see the people who grow the coffee beans, and they and their family live in horrible conditions. So to me Communism looks like it could be a very successful economy as long as everybody is incharge of the money distributes (or it will just get more like Capitalism) through a democratic government where one person cannot get too powerful, and everybody has a say in what goes (According to wikipedia, [The working and lower classes make up 55 percent of America] so why does it seem the government is always working for the rich?). Sorry that I didn't really discuss the fundamentals and such in the description, but don't worry that will be in the comments. Change my view:)! EDIT: Sorry that I havn't responded yet, I have been busy playing some MC. Well anyway many people were talking about what kind of Communism are you talking about. So to me, a good Communism would be one with coin money just to make stuff easier and less complicated, everone works for the government (of course), and its a government of the people (meaning the people have all the say in what goes on), and rewards and promotions are possible and equell, there would be no competition (so if you and bob were fishermen, you guys are co-workers not buisness rivals) since everybody works for the government, but the prices are based of equivelent exchange so the workers would still get a profit, but the price is affordable for all the other people. Although there are other forms of it I would agree with (I never stated what the "ideal" communism would be before now). Thank you all for the upvotes and the comments:D! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!