Brave New World, as I understand it, paints the picture of a world in which society has sacrificed freedom for happiness. Everybody is happy - but their lives are mapped out for them by someone else. Most people I have talked to believe that this is, simply put, wrong. But I can't agree! It seems to me that the 'freedom' that everybody champions is illusory. People talk about freedom of identity; self-discovery, self-invention, yet - "no man is an island" - physics and chemistry demonstrate that the atoms we are made of interact and evolve according to rigid and immutable laws; the unquestioned theory of evolution apparently appears to state that conscious beings evolve from non-conscious cells in an entirely deterministic fashion; in short, our understanding of the world tells us that we are but complex clockwork, and do not make 'choices'. Of course, we do feel alive, and in control. We live inside our own heads, and experience our lives vividly and as if we were at the helm of our own ship, steering and changing course whimsically and arbitrarily, without acknowledging the cataclysm of minute quantum and electromagnetic phenomena that convert the information fed to us by our surroundings into our 'decisions'. Since all conceptions of 'responsibility' and 'purpose' occur at this interpretive, once-removed level, it would be silly to argue that determinism strips us of either - however it seems to me that people are all too keen to forget that all notions of 'identity', 'individuality', 'choice' are only convenient, macroscopic notions that exist at an interpretative level. If we were given a chance to sacrifice this illusory 'freedom' for chemical happiness, why would we ever want to refuse it? If you wish to respond to this argument by contesting determinism, which is somewhat axiomatic in the above, could you please do so in depth? Truth be told, this viewpoint exhausts me - I feel antisocial and cynical - but I have come to regard it as inevitable. Therefore, I would be very grateful if you would take the time to attempt to change my view!