I called my grandmother for her birthday the other day. I had not spoken to her since Christmas. We aren't very close, and she doesn't cross my mind in my day-to-day life. When we were talking the other day, she mentioned how she thinks about me often and wishes I would call her more. I laughed it off, but she kept bringing it up again, as if to say it were entirely my responibility to maintain our correspondence. It put a little damper on the otherwise pleasant conversation but, as of right now, I don't feel I've done anything wrong. Please change my view. For those that will argue that the older generation, on average, isn't as familiar with modern technology (email, cell phones, etc.), I will remind you that the land line telephones and regular post mail that the older generation grew up with still work just fine. EDIT: The two major arguments I'm hearing are: 1) I'm busier than she is so it makes more sense for me to call when it's convenient for me. This is easily solved by voicemail, email, or writing a letter. 2) We owe a debt to the older generation because they took care of us growing up. Well, right off the bat, my grandmother and I live in the United States and a good chunk of my paycheck goes to Social Security and Medicare. I believe, as a person, I'm obligated to be civil when treated civilly. I am always courteous in my conversing with my grandmother. If anything were to happen in her to the point that she would require my help, meaning difficulty moving furniture, getting around, etc., I would be happy to help. But she doesn't require my help to pick up a phone or write an email. This is something she is more than capable of doing herself and has decided it is not her responsibility, while complaining about it. My view remains the same so far. Tradition is not a good reason for doing anything in my opinion. Edit2: coffeemanic gets the delta. Thank you all for your opinions. Have a great day. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!