There's this idea that if a person agrees to sex, but is intoxicated, then it automatically becomes rape. This makes no sense to me since there is nothing else that excuses the actions of someone who's intoxicated because of their loss of inhibition and decreased decision-making. For example, I'm drunk and my neighbor asks for a ride to the airport; I agree after being persuaded and eventually get pulled over for bad drivingsuspected DUI. Would the officer give me the ticket or my neighbor? Would you even consider charging my neighbor with anything? Even though my neighbor convinced me to drive the car, i got drunk; i agreed to drive; i got in the car; and i drove drunk. Even though some of the blame rests on my neighbor, I am ultimately held responsible for the decisions I made, even while drunk. There are also penalties specifically for being intoxicated: DUI and public intoxication. Besides differing from all other ideas of responsibility, how exactly can someone prove that they were drunk. Since the burden of proof lies on the accuser, surely people should have to prove their level of intoxication, plus its effect on their cognition, at the exact time the "rape," not some ad hoc measurement that could easily be altered by the time they get to a police station. I understand that verbal and physical coercion is a problem, but that is a different problem, entirely. Persuading someone to have sex, which could be affected by alcohol, is very different from an "intimidation [...] to do some act against his or her will" (from the legal dictionary. On a related note, what if both parties are drunk? What happens then? Is it a draw or did they rape each other? Edit: the view was specified to exclude cases involving coercion, total incapacitation, or a minor. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!