Some premises I hold to be true (feel free to CMV on these): - Emotion and Logic are at opposite ends of the same spectrum: any decision we make is at one end, or a combination of either considered, consequence-focussed judgements; or just going with whatever makes us feel best now - A positive emotional outcome is a logical target: making a decision based on which will bring the most net happiness to ourselves is a perfectly valid option - Humans are ultimately emotional: at some threshold we will always give in to our emotions, however illogical they are I've always lived my life by these principles - always striving for logical decisions and doing what's in my best long term interest. I've always differentiated myself from those who indulge in making short-sighted, emotional decisions that give them no long term payoff. Attempting to live logically is problematic But I've come to a few realisations over the past few days. Although I've long been aware that as a human it's impossible to be purely logical, I've come to see that striving for logic is an impossible target. And constantly failing to hit that target is defeating, demoralising and anxiety-inducing. But some thinking later, I got even further. Even if it were possible to be logical all the time, this necessitates denying your emotions: good and bad. Which means that I'd always be choosing decisions that don't make me happy. Living logically requires that I feel unhappy with my life. And even if I'm aiming for some kind of long term happiness (when do I say is a good time to aim for? Next week? When I'm 30, 50, 70, on my deathbed?) I'm constantly denying myself happiness now. What are the alternatives? Which leaves me with indulging in immediate emotional satisfaction, but that brings its own set of problems that I'm sure I don't have to explain to an online community, and the demographic that attracts. It involves potentially ending up somewhere I don't want to be, or unduly hurting the people around me that I care about. I'm aware that this is very black-and-white thinking. EmotionLogic is a spectrum, and it's possible to have a mix of the two. But thinking locically has always been a sort of pseudo role model for me. How is living somewhere in the middle of the spectrum not just a half-assed version of either end of the spectrum? . TL;DR I can either live logically in which case I have to shun my emotional happiness; or live emotionally and have no concern for consequences. I'm unable to know how to reconcile these conflicting alternatives