It can be seen absolutely everywhere, even without turning on the TV. Grocery stores attempt to convince you to buy more than you need, to buy unhealthy items, and to come back to do it all again. They also attempt to price things in a manner that makes it harder for the consumer to understand exactly what they're getting for the price they are paying. This can also lead into the companies that sell items to grocery stores. They want to make it seem like they're good and trying to help your life out. It's always a flat out lie, they want your money and that's where their relationship with you ends. Advertisements typically only exist for a product that you should never purchase in a grocery store. This basically includes anything that comes in a box with a logo on it. I want to touch on other topics, so I'll just brush up quickly on a few. Cereal claims to be healthy. It is not healthy to eat cereal for breakfast. It is the least healthy part of breakfast that exists in the world. Juices and drinks claim to be healthy for you but sometimes are just as sugary and bad for you as soda. Pretty much any item that has a statement of health benefits on it is just an attempt to get you to purchase the item and bends the truth. Next up, banks. Go to your city's downtown. Look at the biggest buildings. How many of those wear the logo of a big huge bank? These banks claim they help, by holding your money. In fact, they do, because the way things work our money becomes worthless unless it's being spent. That's not what's bad about banks though. What is bad, is that they try to take advantage of consumers all the time while maintaining the facade that they're just around to help you. They prey on the young and stupid by convincing them a credit card is what they need, and then they get people in debt. Sure, these people should have learned better to not get into debt! But where do we teach people about credit cards? At what point in high school did we have a class on common sense? There's only approved curriculum for things that are building blocks on how to think for yourself, but even these are getting butchered to just being a new method to figure out how to get past the system without learning anything. Don't worry about trying to change my mind on that last sentence it's not as important. Now we're on to schools though. Colleges. Everyone. Absolutely everyone says you need a college degree to go somewhere in life. It's a statement ingrained in a child's brain from the moment they enter school. So now every kid in school is programmed to think they will fail at life if they skip out on college. College sure as shit ain't cheap now either. You aren't going to pay for your college career by working a job that pays minimum wage and still graduate within a 4 year time period. Since you can't afford it, the college which claims to want to help you get a job offers to help you find loans for your school. Just the fact that you want to go to college makes you eligible for these loans. It doesn't matter what you do at college, you're just going because you're supposed to. Why do companies willingly give out these loans? Because they're guaranteed. It's a company who has money knowing 100 that at some point or another they will receive all that money back and a large sum on top of it. Absolutely no other investment works that way. Yet schools aren't saying "Start a business! That's the only way to make money!" People say "Most businesses fail." Well, you can declare bankruptcy for a business. It will ruin your credit but you can build it back up. You can't declare shit for a student loan. Once you take that, it's with you for life. Your credit score will stay ruined until that loan is paid off. The average debt is 30,000 now. Yet some students go in and rack up bills of a quarter of a million dollars. There aren't many businesses that are being started that require a loan that big. And a bank would likely never want to give a high school graduate 250,000 to start a business. But you'll get that loan for college! And now let's see what all these companies who do no favors to you own. Let's see sports. That's popular to people. Read a list of sponsors for a sport. It's all these companies that advertise to you. That take advantage of you. They're paying millions of dollars to this sports team to either fund the sport or stadium or pay for a player or whatever the shit they need money for. This millions of dollars could easily just not be spent, and the savings passed to the consumer. But they would rather make the customers have something to be passive about that comes times and time again just as the seasons do. Every year, countries get excited for their sports team to play again so they can not have to worry about all this bullshit that society is putting us through. We aren't encouraged to learn new skills or do some thinking for ourselves, we're encouraged to watch other people do something while we sit around and work for a company. Now lets go to things that are also supposed to be good for society. Charities. Most of the money spent on a charity doesn't even have to go towards the benefit the charity is supporting. It can go to overhead and the pockets of those employed by the charity. It can be written off people's taxes so people like donating to these companies. But it really can just end up being a big ol' marketing circlejerk to keep a company that does nothing other than advertise itself alive. Yet, people look at these charities as something "good." They WANT to give their extra, hard earned money to the charities because they're told that it should make you feel good to help other people. When these charities aren't helping anyone but themselves. People get outraged when you treat an animal poorly because it doesn't know any better. Tricking a dog into thinking it's getting a treat? You bastard. But people don't even want to talk about how we're getting tricked in every part of society. Yet 90 of people don't know better. They think because the TV and media claims something that it's likely true, because people wouldn't lie to each other. And those who set the standards for this trickery to be a legal and admirable are only benefiting from the lies they sell to society. No one wants us to go to school to succeed for ourselves except our parents. And they're just as programmed by our society as well. Okay I could go on but I'm done and I'm sure the angrier I sound the less likely anyone is to bother reading this or even approving it in the first place. For those who made it this far, please choose any point to change my view on because I'd like it. This is probably the most cynical thing I've ever written!