It seems that whenever I do interact with Americans (I live in Canada), they seem to be pretty nice people, but are so afraid of everything that could go wrong. One occurrence I experienced personally was a family from Texas asking me at my old job whether or not it was safe to walk 5 blocks to a commercial avenue to find food. The question would never have come to my mind: of course it's safe! What could go wrong? According to what many Americans seem to think, apparently a lot can go wrong. The entire country seems to be steeped in fear of one thing or another. A Florida woman this year [was arrested for letting her 7 year old play in the park unsupervised] , leading to accusations of abandonment. One Maryland boy last year was [suspended for biting a pop tart into the shape of a gun] , while another one in March was [suspended for making the shape of a gun with his fingers] . And the fear doesn't stop there. Not only are citizens afraid of each other and of the government, but the government is afraid of it's citizens, too. The recent trend of militarizing police forces across the country has led to the friendly neighbourhood cop looking more like he's ready to occupy a city rather than keep the peace. Cops are also assuming the worst of people, especially minorities, leading to 'preemptive action', aka shooting unarmed civilians. I'm sure everyone is aware by now of the shooting of a black teen in St Louis this past weekend, and the resulting protests and rioting that has come up as a result. If the cop that shot him wasn't so scared of him pulling a weapon, maybe we wouldn't have a city under siege in the middle of the country. This culture of fear is having negative consequences all over the board. Parents are less likely to send their children outside to play, for fear that a pedophile or a kidnapper will snatch them up. People are arming themselves en masse in fear of what their fellow citizen can do to them, leading to the highest number of guns per capita anywhere in the world, and one of the highest rates of gun violence too. Not surprisingly, the high availability of guns has made it easier for mass shooting to take place as well, which are almost a yearly occurrence in America. In order to amend this cycle of fear, people in the states need to take it upon themselves to trust their fellow citizen. Just because someone can do something bad, doesn't mean that they will. Just cause something bad can happen, doesn't mean it will. America isn't as dangerous as people seem to think it is (at least it wouldn't be if people weren't so afraid of each other), and Americans are pretty nice people as a whole. You don't all need guns to defend yourselves, nor do the police need automatic weapons and full-scale siege gear to do their job. And finally, criticize the media often about perpetuating fear, through sensationalizing mass-shootings, overreporting violent crime, and gearing headlines towards driving up primal fears in people. All of these things are just feeding violence back to people and making them afraid, and it only perpetuates many of the problems. TL;DR: America is a country full of good, kind people. I've met a lot of you, and I've never been disappointed. That being said, you need to realize this in yourselves and in everyone around you, and maybe confront your fear more often. Leave your kids unsupervised. Get rid of your guns and ammunition. Let kids pretend to play with fake guns (after all, it's in their culture). And most importantly, ignore the little voice telling you that something will go wrong, because more times than not, your reactions to your fear is what will really make something go wrong. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!