I've been seeing a lot of hate on Scientology lately, and let me preface, I am not a scientologist, I have no interest to become one, and I have no strong feelings on any religion or lack of religion that are important for this. As well, just saying "Well its ridiculous because Xenu and aliens and volcanoes and how would e-meters ever work and spirits and science fiction author, you've got to be kidding me!" is not a viable counter argument, its a religion. Its important to people because they believe in it, it doesn't matter how silly it sounds to an individual, it doesn't mean anything in the larger scope. Especially with Beck getting awards, seems like all I see is "Well I can't like him anymore now that I know hes a scientologist." I have a vague knowledge of some of the more unlawful things the group does, but this seems about on par with bad things other groups do. We know theres Islamic terrorism, we know that there are militant Christians that do terrible things, and while there are probably some bad members in Scientology, they don't really seem that bad. They've donated to loads of charities, and generally Scientology organizitons are pretty good about helping out their community and many members, such as Beck, are simply second generation Scientologists. Its been in their lives but its never dominated their lives. They were never brainwashed into believing in it, they just want to. EDIT: I appreciate all the detailed comments. And I'd say im about half changed. More or less, I think I just have a different view, but not entirely flipped. I really do think theres a divide in Scientology. A seedy underground part of it filled with people who got a lot of power and money from the organization and now are running rampant with it, and the more modest part. I still don't think celebrities in it are worse people. In fact, I think the average joe in it is still a fine and dandy guy. I think that a majority of Scientologists are as good of people as anyone else. Though there is (and I think most of the worst events more than a decade in the past) kind of a dark part of the organization whos views aren't intentionally evil, just kind of stupid enough where it ends up being fairly terrible to their own members on occasion. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!