For quite some time I have been looking into the priorities and the structure of the American education system. I myself am a senior in high school and, like many others, always wonder what the point of it all is. But what I've noticed is that when students ask this question, they do it out of laziness and lethargy. To put it simply, they just don't care about any of the information. Previous posts on this topic attempt to blame this disinterest on teachers, parents, etc. Whatever the reason, I would in turn like to present my view on how the public education system has turned the endeavor for knowledge into a single desire for exceptional grades and university acceptance. From my experience, what I have noticed is how grades have engulfed everything. A student's highest priority is to get all As in school, or to simply pass a certain subject. Not once have I heard someone make the new years resolution of learning something new in school. It's always to do better grade-wise. It's not exactly their fault either. The material being taught at school is centered around a [punishment-rewards system] . This disciplines kids, not educate them. Even a lion learns to behave in fear of a whip - but you would call such a lion well trained, not well educated. In the case of the modern public education system, this "whip" is supposedly evaluating a student's work to the point where the assignment will only achieve full marks if it reflects previously generated exceptional works. How, then, do we move forward if we keep imitating the past? What I think none of us understands is that intelligence is dynamic and possibly endless. How can we possibly measure that with a tiny scale that focuses on, for lack of a better word, "busy-work"? We're given packets and worksheets and graphs to absorb and memorize - not to understand. If we've memorized it enough, we get a sufficient grade. Then we arrive at standardized tests that attempt, as another redditor had put it, to measure how well you will do in college, not how intelligent you are. If you take a look at various SATACT practice and training courses, you will notice that they don't teach you the material. They explain strategies to take the test in the best way (as in, process of elimination, cross this and that out, etc.). These tests now dominate and obstruct the education system, instead of support it. In conclusion, I believe that the education system has turned schools into factories. Students are therefore enduring school instead of enjoying it, as they should. This leads to extreme stress and can contribute to harmful mental injuries. I accept that my views are not exactly conscientious, and I would like someone else's opinion on the matter that may or not CMV.