I'm not sure this is a view that can be changed, since it is an irrational fear. However, I sure would like to change it, so let's see if it can be done. I am aware that flying is perfectly safe on an intellectual level. Certainly safer than many, if not all, other forms of travel per mile. That said, a few things have made me petrified to fly. 1.) I used to be a pilot (small, 4-seater planes) and had a near-crash experience. I was practicing engine failures with an instructor. I had selected a field where I could land if this were a real emergency. We pulled the power out. About 100 feet above the ground, my instructor informed me that I had failed the exercise as we were too far down field, and that I would hit the trees ahead of us if this were a real emergency. My instructor told me that he we were going to put the power back in and try again. However, as he put the power back in, the engine just sputtered. My instructor took the controls from me. The engine continued to sputter. My instructor then informed me that he was going to position the wings to take the brunt of the hit. At that point, I thought that was it. This is how I die. Luckily, the engine did kick back in, and it seemed like we just avoided hitting the tops of those trees. Nevertheless, that experience shook me pretty hard, and I gave up piloting soon after. 2.) I had a good friend die on a commercial flight in 2009. After his death, I imagined over and over again how he must have spent the last few minutes of his life. At one point being okay, then all of a sudden the plane going into stomach-turning up and down undulation, before finally seeing the ground approaching way too fast. I imagine how his body must have shattered upon impact his internal organs not being able to keep up with the rapid deceleration of the rest of his body, shrapnel hitting and tearing up his body, then his skeleton shattering as it hit something hard before being swallowed up by a large fire all in a moment. I don't know if this is a scientifically accurate portrayal of his death, but this is how I imagine it anyway. It haunts me. What adds to my discomfort is the FDA report on the crash. They focused on the idle banter between the pilots right before the emergency. They focus on the fact that the pilots responded incorrectly to the emergency. Very little was said about the fact that the pilots were horrifically underrested, underpaid, and overworked. That seems to be a systemic problem that they refused to address, and it shakes my confidence in the governing body of aviation, and thus aviation as a whole. 3.) I've flown on commercial flights a few times since my friend's death. Every time, I am struck by horrifying anxiety attacks. I feel closed in, trapped. I feel like I have no control. I feel like I need to get out of my seat to have some air, do something, get out of this crowded space, anything I can to have some semblance of control. I become on edge. I feel like I can't breathe. It is a very frightening experience for me. Because of these experiences I think my subconscious mind has overridden my rational mind. To me, flying is scary. Can anyone CMV on this? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!