Facebook: Facebook is filled with people trying to promote their lives. Sometime egregious misrepresentations of their failing lives. Facebook also facilitates misrepresentations by allowing a user to control every aspect of what's seen, but also subjecting a user to ire of everyone in their circle. In so doing, the circle and ease of manipulation inadvertently puts heavy emphasis, or benefit, to catering to the circle's popular opinion. Also recording of conversations and messages make secrets harder to keep. IMO, that means users are more likely to be inauthentic on certain subjects. All for the coup de grace, likes and associates people will never bloom into a real friend. On the surface all of this seems fun, but then when it comes to deciphering what's real and what isn't, it becomes a bit hazy and a bother for some, and more importantly devalues Facebook. Twitter: Twitter is a transient media that shows breaking news, or happenings very rapidly. The good thing about twitter is that there's less emphasis placed on connections, more emphasis is places on timely messages or content. So people are more free to say what like, knowing it's probably be forgotten anyway. Unfortunately, there's more emphasis on comedy, rants, shock value, than actual info. Google: Google's value is on the surface on many subjects, but it crumbles when it becomes a source for real information, or when searching things that are unpopular, or when there multitudes of answers to a questions or query. The problem is that there are only a few people that really know anything about most subjects, but Google search is based on popularity, so if other people aren't searching for something you're not going to find it. This also means that only the popular answers are available for query, but the unpopular ones are not. This seems a bit precarious in some cases, obviously there are many cases that situation doesn't matter. Reddit: It's a bit ironic to use Reddit to talk about how terrible Reddit is, but I guess that's Reddit is for.:) In a away posting this post Changes My View immediately, however, the one issue that's funny about Reddit ,the same as Google, is that the right answer for many questions is unpopular. The answer mat not be unpopular because people reject it, necessarily, but because it's only known by a few people, and sometimes it is the opposite of conventional wisdom. So inherently, Reddit is flawed, because all the unpopular opinions are lost, and in some cases not seen. It's hard to blame any of these media, because sifting through unpopular opinions and deciphering reality, is very difficult. And one reason why humans still have jobs. Ultimately, all of these media promote creating popular content over unpopular content. So Fundamentally the informational value is challenged, or potentially compromised, because successful distortion of facts holds more value than the truth in many cases. Of course in cases where the truth is only known by few. EDIT: A user showed me Google Scholar, cool resource thanks. Parameters: Some people were complaining about moving the goal posts. Each media listed has heavy emphasis on popularity, and in terms entertainment that's the law of the land. So it's hard to say Facebook, or even Twitter are total abominations. Obviously, the risk of building false connections is the risk, but what doesn't have a risk. The problem is when think about knowledge or understanding in any arena. We find that in any subject, or arena, that very few people hold knowledge or understanding of any subject. That would mean that the populous is by in large ignorant. Google bases it's searches, queries, on popularity. So fundamentally Google, and all the others, are flawed for the use of finding "deep," or beyond, surface level understanding. Surface, or periphery, understanding is such that there isn't much debate over the information. For example, if drop I apple it will fall to earth. Some one posted Google Scholar. Still Google Scholar it ranks by cites, which is essentially is popularity. Basing Scholar on cites Google will be better than normal Google for search scholarly articles. But it's still bent towards popularity. Essentially, IMO, that makes Google flawed, but still highly useful. In order change my view prove that the use of Popular as metric is a path to deeper understanding. AndOr that use popular as a metric presents no real risk in shunning, or eliminating elements of truth, understanding.