I was in the middle of writing a paper on the current state of ethnic affairs in America and after doing a lot of research I came to a very unpleasant thought: that the current upswing of right wing orientation among young whites may stem partially or largely from talking points on these issues that are more aimed at instilling fervor than any form of comprehension. I believe that current news coverage of any racial issue is almost always geared towards exciting the consumer and thus avoids any issues that might lower the perception of racism in the white community. I believe that because it is socially and economically advantageous for them, some communities take advantage of this to ensure that dialogue on immigration is unlikely to flow into an area that covers less savory complications from their interests. This is most notably the case with immigration. For instance, mentioning that cultural changes make people uncomfortable and require acclimation is absolutely unheard of in the immigration debate, much less that allowing one ethnic group to change the makeup of a state by more than 40 (California) may actually make even non-racist whites unhappy. Sadly, I have never once seen a prominent pro-Hispanic source ever work up the gall to even mention this, much less actually dig into it. I sense that a massive bulk of the immigration movement in particular, and other ethnic rights campaigns, actually rests on using social pressure and fear of being called a racist rather than actually encouraging a dialogue on the topic. Here are three main issues weighing on my view, but not necessarily informing me. I kept details out of them to keep them malleable because I figured I could dive into the details if someone wanted to focus on one of those clear issues. As for where I currently read my news, I generally read the Huffpost and Reuters to start and move my way to the LA Times, with additional sources if they look interesting on Reddit. I wouldn't trust Fox news any sooner than I'd trust Salon. The issues that are currently weighing on my view are: The MAS Program in Arizona, from what it originally taught to the attempt to ban it. It appears that the classes were originally taught with extremely and deliberately racist material. Trayvon Martin Case I wouldn't be shocked if racial bias played a case in Zimmerman's belief that Martin was a "thug," but this seems utterly irrelevant in the face of how the African American community responded to this. The edited 911 call, baby pictures of Martin instead of the ones showing his actual appearance and the avoidance of using photos of Zimmerman that showed any sign of injury are a start of the problem. The main reason why this one weighs down today, however, is that I do not recall a single member of the African American community commenting on the incredible amount of bias that led to the trial debacle. Immigration in the South West I lived in SoCal for a pretty long time. I recall people telling Republicans in the 1980s that the belief that a little amnesty would somehow lead to Mexicans taking over the state and implementing their own immigration laws was racist. It was a big deal there at the time. There was even a very funny SNL skit about it. The lack of historical context and understanding in the debate today seems clear in the current debate: accuse white people of being immigrants so that they simply cannot bring this up. The sheer demographic change and the lack of interest in talking about how people view change in their own community, favoring instead discussion on race and fairness, are significant to me. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!