We all hear the news stories about the prevalence of rape, repeated rape, gang rape, rape victims being raped at the hospital they're going to after being raped, and being raped by the police they're reporting the crimes to. I know that it's inevitably been inflated, exaggerated, and exacerbated by the media, but give me a break! Does this really happy half as often anywhere else? One never hears about it. Ever. This is sounding more and more like a cultural behavioral trend. Everywhere has them; here in America, they involve wearing your pants around your knees. It's repulsive, but not exactly on the same level. The latest cases I've heard of involved a 6-year-old repeat victim who was ordered to marry her rapist's son (and was raped during the negotiation, again) and a series of western women who were staying at classy, four- and five-star hotels, who were assaulted by the hotel owners. India is extending traditionally human rights to intelligent animals. These animals, female animals included, are getting more by way of protection than human women are. India uses a caste system that is thousands of years old. Other cultures abandoned this caste system... thousands of years ago. It is a far more extreme version of the classes of society that we see in the west, one that tramples over the very notion of "human rights" by setting people up as being unalterably "inferior." During World War II, the officials of Germany's Third Reich repeatedly expressed their admiration for India's methods of categorizing people, to the point where it was theorized that their own genetically superior ancestors might have originally come from India. India practices arranged marriages, as well as child marriage. This happens even in their most well-developed, technologically advanced, and financially endowed regions. They drink from, bathe in, pump industrial waste into, and deposit dead bodies in the same river. It is considered "holy" due to reasons of its having been vitally important to the isolated settlements from which Indian civilization grew... thousands of years ago, again. This is how every civilization on Earth started. This river is a cesspoolliterally, not to mention a mortuary. Indian festivals involve celebrations such as blasting brightly colored dyes into the air, which then rain down on the celebrants, leaving a throng of tie-dyed people... fun times, except for the fact that they use hardcore industrial-level chemicals in the dyes. Maybe they're immune to that, after bathing in the Ganges? Hindu is heavily divided into sects. Among them are sects which believe that the world is going to be destroyed by fire, and practice rituals intended to bring about said end with all haste; call me weird, but apocalyptic "we'll be better off when we walk the golden world as God's chosen after everybody else burns" type cults are behind the evil of most western fiction for a reason. They're... well, evil, generally speaking. There's at least one Hindu sect which practices cannibalism; they will literally raid the corpses that are dumped into the Ganges. Another sect practices necrophilia. I'm told that there is a beautiful, advanced culture in India. I do see that there once was, when everybody on Earth acted like this... y'know, thousands of years ago, and we have to evaluate people based on what else they did. I don't see that level of sophistication as existing now. If it's out there, and I'm just missing it, or somehow overlooking it, I'd really appreciate some sign of its still being viable. Right now, this once-regal civilization is looking more and more like a disgusting, disease-ridden corpse of a once-grand civilization.