The other day "Tommy Wiseau" did an AMA. What surprised me, or at least that I found bizarre, was that all his answers showed his characteristic affected speech style, down to the bizarre accent (e.g. writing Elizabeth as "Eleezabeth. Even if someone does talk this way, it's very unlikely that it will be reflected in their writing. It got me thinking about all of his various oddities and eventually the thought hit me: he's answering questions "in character" because he's literally in character. Here are some things that I feel support this view: His background is shrouded in mystery. He claims to be from New Orleans, but his accent obviously makes this not the case. He had 6M to pay for The Room, the source of which is also shrouded in mystery. Greg Sestero says that he often gave "self-contradicting" stories about his past. The best explanation? His background is unknown because Tommy Wiseau has no background to speak of...because he is a made-up character. In general he seems to be a mishmash of "generic foreign-ness": a faux-French last name (AFAIK "Wiseau" is not a real French name, but it certainly seems Franco-esque); an indistinct Eastern European accent; an incomplete mastery of English without any general hints of what his native language might be. Real people come from real places. Why can't Wiseau's "mysterious foreign origins" be determined? Because he isn't real. Wiseau seems to make public appearances rather sporadically. His filmography is brief. He does seem to have made headway into the Internet with his Tommy Explains It All channel, but the Internet is a medium in which it is easy to portray a fictional character - The Nostalgia Critic, the AVGN, and countless others prove that. So who is Tommy Wiseau? My guess he is the alter ego of a bored and rich private citizen who wanted to have some fun with all the money he accumulated. This explains his half-baked, generically "foreign" mannerisms; his mysterious, seemingly nonexistent background; and his reluctance to appear in public outside places where his portrayal is easy. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!