EDIT: I've awarded deltas to about three people and come to the conclusion that I didn't know enough about what was happening there to argue for it. There are few people that I still want to talk to about there individual points however. Bye! TL;DR: I wrote that all for you, ok? Go read it. Basically I think Urkraine should stop causing so much trouble and wasting resources- not to mention human lives- fighting the local superpower for a place that will only keep rebelling and trying to leave anyway. The Crimeran peninsula doesn't have much REAL value to it anyway. I'm not ure it will really benefit Russia that much either. "A naval stronghold," you say? Ba, Russia won't ever benefit from it because they're not stupid enough to use it. No matter how powerful Putin thinks he is, he now he is, he knows that he is not powerful enough to win an actual war. Speaking of military might, Urkaine isn't exactly in great shape. Not nearly enough to take Russia. "If the US helped, they would." You might be thinking. True, the US has more than enough power to stop Russia. But then again, is the US, which is trying as hard as it can to get out of debt, waste any time on saving something so- I hate to say it- relatively unimportant in their eyes? Just giving it away will save a lot of trouble, even if the reasons Russia and the separatist want to take it are unreasonable. To sum this up I think Urkraine doesn't have much reason to fight for something that doesn't want to be fought for. If it helps, maybe you should know that I am an American. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!