I live in NYC where moving to a new apartment often requires payment to a real estate broker who literally does nothing for me except open the front door so I can see the apartment before I decide to move in. For this invaluable service they charge me 15 of one year's rent. Rent prices being what they are this is not an insignificant amount of money. There are many websites for me to find apartments I'm looking for and very rarely does the broker do anything to help me find an apartment. However the listings on various websites are often posted by a broker so I still have to go through them sometimes. It seems to me whatever value the broker's service is providing is not for my benefit but rather the landlord's benefit. The broker is taking the time of showing the inventory to prospective customers, vetting their income requirements and so forth. If the landlord finds this service helpful they should pay this fee, not me. There's a few side effects of this stupid broker's fee. One is that it reduces the amount of rent I can pay initially. It also affects how much new furniture I can afford. It also makes it prohibitive for me to move since I need a large sum of cash saved up before every move. This allows the owner to start jacking up the rent after the lease expires even when market prices have remained stagnant. This almost always happens. This year my rent went up 75 even though there have been no improvements to the property and from what I can tell rent prices elsewhere seem to have remained relatively constant. I haven't ever purchased real estate so I'm not sure if their service is more valuable for those types of transactions although I'm inclined to believe it's not really necessary for that either. In general it seems to me that real estate brokers are an obsolete job. Sort of like travel agents. The internet has eliminated the need for this job since both tenants and landlords can post and browse the available inventory and initiate the transaction from there. They should not be leeching off me every time I move and I think the money they are extracting for a useless service is excessive and harms the economy overall. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!