Let me start by saying that I think a social safety net is a beautiful and noble idea. If it were used properly, it would assist people who have fallen on hard times until they can get back on their feet. Unfortunately, in the US, that idea doesn't seem to be working very well. I believe that government support simply creates a culture of laziness and a mentality of entitlement. I believe it makes people weaker and is just another tool used by those in power to control and suppress the stupid masses. When someone has to fend for themselves, they become stronger. When someone else feeds them, they lose the ability to feed themselves. But people do enjoy handouts (everyone does, even the wealthiest) and by throwing them a bite, it's easy to get their votes. It makes people complacent and less likely to push themselves to learn new skills and persevere. I know anecdotal evidence isn't proof of anything, but neither are statistics so don't get on that "anecdotal evidence train" because it's still evidence. I know an immigrant who came here and started working at a pizza place. He had no real skills, but he knew he wasn't going to get government assistance so he got himself a job and did it well. Later he started doing tile and flooring work with no previous experience. He worked hard because he knew there was no safety net for him. He supported a family of three with an income of 28K and now they live better than some Americans who earn twice that. Why? Because his family has their priorities straight and knows how to manage money. I believe that is because they know that there is no one to take care of them. I also have a friend who owns a small business. She offers health insurance, retirement account benefits, and even tuition assistance for her employees. Very few take those offers, especially the last one. I would argue that the last one is the one most likely to help them get a better job, but people are lazy because of the entitlement culture here in the US. They truly believe that they deserve something for nothing. They think the world owes them something. I believe that this mentality is caused by welfare programs. On a somewhat different note, I also believe that corporate welfare is just as terrible, if not worse. It props up businesses that should fail. It allows major corporations to make destructive decisions that can harm the whole economy. If any welfare were the end, this should be the first to go. EDIT: My view has mostly been changed in regards to welfare making people lazy and entitled. I think it probably does have that effect on some people, but most seem to benefit greatly and remain productive members of society. I still think corporate welfare is terrible.