I work IT at a university. The females in my workplace can wear whatever they want as long as it looks professional. This could be a pantsuit or it could be a sun dress, a skirt, or any other form of dress. As a male, I have to wear khaki dress pants. Doesn't matter if it's 100 outside and I have to haul equipment up three of four flights of stairs, all pants, all the time. It seems discriminatory to me that I can't wear shorts when it's hot, or that I can't wear jeans when I spend half my time crawling under people's desks. Why is it okay for women to wear whatever they want (within reason) while I am restricted to khakis and a collared shirt? Edit: Big thanks to the one or two of you who decided to use the down vote button as a disagree button. Super productive and definitely helping me to change my view. Edit 2: Went to bed and this blew up a little bit. Let me clarify some things... all 250 people in my building are not techs. Four of us are and we are all male. the official dress code for everyone is business casual. In practice though, for men it's khakis and a polo. Ask any of the bosses how a male should interpret it, and you will be told khakis and a polo. Ask one how a female should interpret it and you will find she has many, many more options. on several other parts of campus, there really is no dress code. Many departments and divisions stopped having one in recent years and employees overall seem happier and more productive (surveys have been done to this effect), yet my department in particular still believes you have to dress a certain way to be good at your job. finally, some of you have pointed out that it's society, not my place of work, that makes the dress code sexist andor discriminatory. It doesn't matter what makes it discriminatory, what matters is that my workplace is enforcing it. I'm going to try to keep up, but it's early morning and I'm recovering from a marrow transplant yesterday and am going home today. Just wanted to thank everybody for a really great conversation, even if it has not changed my view. It has impacted my perspective in that I don't think my workplace is intentionally being sexist, but I do still believe the policy being enforced is, by it's nature, sexist. In light of that, I believe the dress code should either be tightened for both sexes equally or eliminated entirely. Thanks again, everybody.