Firstly, I'm sorry if this topic has been debated before, I couldn't find anything that I felt related directly to it in the popular post archive. My main point is that sports provide a number of advantages to boys and girls from kindergarten through high school that cannot be replicated by video games. I am referring to all physical activity, including playing games like tag, manhunt, red rover, etc., as sports to reduce confusion. I realize that there is a team vs. individual sports distinction that can be made as well as a distinction between activity and sport. Until I get into a deeper conversation I'll refer to both as sports. I am 24 years old and grew up right in the middle of what I consider to be the proliferation of video game consoles in households. My parents did not let me play very much or very often, instead encouraging my sisters and I to play outside. I became highly involved in sports and I believe they have had a very positive impact on my life. The positive physiological and psychological effects of exercise on the human body are well established. However, video games are controversial in this manner. There are many positive side effects, but also many negatives. The legitimacy of many studies has been called into question. I believe that video games create a very isolated, insulated social life for those who play them. Many people seem to develop a certain disdain for their peers and, in my opinion, would benefit greatly from team activity. Sure, there are MMOs that require teamwork, but I do not believe they can mimic the physical sacrifice and the emotion of interaction with others on a fieldcourtother playing surface. In my experience, people who categorize themselves as "gamers" have fewer friends, especially female friends. They seem disconnected from many aspects of social life and also seem quick to prove that they are smarter than the person with whom they are speaking. I realize that I may not be able to easily connect with these people socially because we do not share a common interest, but even in watching the interaction of those who I know to play video games on a daily basis with others there is noticeable discomfort when they speak with people they do not know. My conclusions are based largely on my own experiences. I do play video games occasionally, but I quickly tire of them and they are mostly sports games like FIFA or NHL games (although I do play GTA V a fair amount). However, I spend much more time outdoors, playing basketball, football, tennis, golf, etc. I believe that there is far more to be gained by playing a sport, be it individual or team than there is to be gained playing video games. I also believe that it is crucial to get young children outdoors and participating in any physical activity we can. There are numerous studies that show playing sports is very beneficial and these benefits are far greater than any benefit gained through video games. Thanks for reading, I look forward to your responses! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!