As a disclaimer -I believe in gender equality and think that feminism (excluding the MRM hate) and the MRM (excluding the feminist hate) are required to achieve this. I am also not claiming that life as either gender is easier or harder than the other. With that said I believe that in western society following the waves of feminism that have occured women's rights have advanced and are at the forefront of people's minds (a good thing), however as a consequence there has been a negligence of gender inequalities concerning men. My reason for this belief begins witha comparison of the key issues surrounding the respective movements. A quick wiki (which i'm aware is not a definitive list and misses certain things) of the current third-wave feminism lists the prominent issues as: Ending Gender Violence - I believe this should be a shared goal for both groups. Reproductive rights - access to contraception and abortion Reclaiming derogatory terms - i.e. spinster,bitch, whore Rape - esp. victim blaming Under other issues it lists workplace issues and "raunch culture" as a key part of this. Currently all these issues enjoy a degree of dialogue with mainstream media. Generally speaking these issues are not legally unfair on women;it is the application of the law which is the issue. i.e. Workplace discrimination is illegal but still exists as it is hard to prove, Gender violence and rape are illegal. I believe that a lot of feminism is now based on addressing the way society views women and improving legislation that already exists. In comparison a few of the key issues (once again a quick wiki) of MRM are: Adoption - Suggestion of a legal requirement to notify father within 4 to 5 days of pregnancy in case adoption may occur. Child custody - calls for a legal default of 50:50 custody barring unfitness of a parent Divorce - Reform of alimony laws CircumcisionGenital mutilation - illegal for females, not for males Gender Violence - As i say this is a shared goal however the MRM concerns itself with a lack of legal protection and support for battered men. What is concerning for me is the lack of coverage, and that for some of these issues there is either no legislation or heavy reform is required to address the issue. Although changing laws is by no means easy, it is certainly easier than changing society's prejudices. Which begs the question of why haven't the issues been addressed, the only logical conclusion i can reach is the fact that there is not enough current emphasis on the men's rights issue. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!