Ok, first a couple caveats. I have never been a sports fan and I find obsessing over sports ridiculous. Not mearly watching a game, but the obsession of them. But that is not what this CMV is about, I just think its important and fair to be clear where I'm coming from. What this CMV is stemming from is that I watched a documentary last night, "Schooled, the Price of College Sports." If you want a more in depth understanding you can watch it or I'll just give the very brief summary (as I understood it). One side says players should be compensated for the "work" they do. The other side says it is essentially extra-curricular activities and they are students merely taking part in activities while at college and that paying them would ruin college sports. Now, this was a pretty slanted documentary but I was still able to appreciate the perspective from both sides. On one hand the reality is that college sports players are part of a big business that makes lots of money. On the other hand school should exist for learning not creating a big, profit making businesses centered around sports. My view is this: The problem is not the coaches or the schools making money and not paying the students, afterall they all just have a job and are trying to be paid as best that they can. Fine, I have no issues with that. On the other hand those students are making a LOT of money for other people and not seeing a dime for it. What the problem really is to me is that people should stop supporting the entire system altogether. Paying 50, 60, 100 or more... If you want sports entertainment you should go pay professional sports entertainment. The only reason those sports should exist within a college setting is for the players themselves, something to do on the side while they're attending school. The moment the populace starts being willing to pay them vast sums of money and pay such a mind to star college athletes, they have become the problem. Leave the students alone to learn and do what they want to do on the side while they're there. I say the fans are the only solution to the problem because both the NCAA and the Student-athletes are right in what they say. The fact is, there just shouldn't be that much money being generated for college sports and the only reason there is, is because fans are obsessive and willing to pay ridiculous amounts of money to them. I believe fans are wrong to do this and should stop and that if you're a fan of college sports, a paying fan of college sports, that you should stop contributing to a problem that can only be solved by you ceasing to provide them so much ridiculous money. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!