I probably should clarify before I get a thousand replies from ratheism users. I'm an atheist, I believe in evolution and all that jazz. However, I don't believe in science's ability to provide capital-T definite Truths, only small-t truths (or what I consider to be tentative truths), which are marred by social influences, human blindness and methodological flaws. I believe there is, to some degree, a scientism to be wary of when considering questions of what we know, and do not accept anything just because it is stated to be "science," but based on a pragmatic assessment of the work's epistemological value (which I recognize, of course, to be built upon my own premises, as I am not a perfect arbiter of truth either, and ultimately requires a lot of research in order to fully understand what is being presented to me) in order to determine on a personal basis how believable the evidence is, though, of course, it is never perfect. The reason I do this is because I think that taking science as authority in itself is a flawed premise to come from, and that the questioning of science is more in line with scientific principle than not. Firstly due to the fact that science relies on a succession of paradigms (in the Kuhnian sense), but also because too often I see people purport scientific claims that are ill-founded and based on unreasonable grounds. Further, I see a danger in entrusting science without due consideration, scientists being within a social frame, to make accurate determinations without bias necessarily, be it political in nature (such as the old scientific racism or modern day neurosexism) or just by chasing the random whims of their mind's eye (I see string theory like this often, if only because it doesn't even meet Popperian requirements of falsification, at least not yet). However, often I run into people who bawk at the questioning of a reified Science in any capacity, and am confused for the sort of person who may be a climate change denialist or an intelligent design advocate. An aside: do not confuse this for blind acceptance of non-scientific things. I'm not going to replace astronomy with astrology any time soon. Anyway, I hope for some good attempts at changing my view!