I understand that this has been posted on here, and I looked through all the posts of this same thing, and I haven't had my view changed. In this thread, I am going to actually try to change YOUR view, and hopefully you see a flaw in my thinking and change mine. Let me explain. First of all, you can think I am a shallow, cocky loser, thats fine. But let me preface this by saying I do not mean to offend anyone, and I respect all other ideas, but I would appreciate someone to attempt to change my view, because I love a good debate and am planning to write my Master's Thesis revolving around this idea. Having been told that my ideas are shallow and I will fail with this mindset, I have been thoroughly offended and do not understand the hypocrisy with which this idea has been regarded. Let's start with where my stance all began. I remember sitting in my first college classroom on the first day. I was in a room of 50 some people that I never met, and listening to a woman give us some "first day of college" advice. It was all great stuff about how to be a great student, and I appreciated this woman, and then she said something that piqued my interest. "Don't major in something for the money and the job that may come with it, major in a field you love, because that will make you happy." Hm..I thought to myself..."What if money makes me happy?" The teacher then went on to a mini little talk about careers and college majors and all that good stuff. She listed different things to consider when trying to decide on a careermajor. She told the class that a job should cater to your values as a person..hmm. Here's where it got interesting. She said that if you love spending time with your family, and you get a job that makes you work 80 hours a week...you're not going to be happy. If you love being outside and adventurous, and you get a job as an accountant, you're not going to be happy. If you see value in being a people person and dealing with different customers for a living, but you get a job as an office worker, you won't be happy. Well, ma'am, what if I value money? Here's my view. If you find happiness in spending time with your family and you could not care less about having a Ferrari, a nice house, and a lavish lifestyle, dude, that's great. I envy people who aren't materialistic, I really do. If you LOVE being outdoors and adventurous and don't care about money, as long as your salary is enough to live, honestly man more power to you. If you love your median paying job as a salesman because you love dealing with different customers and stuff and THAT is your happiness, I can respect the shit out of that. But when I come around and say that my happiness can be bought by money, and that I can honestly say that if I had all the money I want, I would be able to be truly happy, its not valid? Why is that not a valid view on happiness. If you're going to get technical and say that money is buying me THINGS which are making me happy, then that's not a counterargument. Come on, money buys your things that make you happy. If you seriously do not give one tiny shit about material possessions and are fine with an average lifestyle, I envy you. I personally value prestige and money, and I just do not see why that is any less valid than someone who values their family, or a job that they love. Okay, guys do not get me wrong here, I LOVE my family, and I would obviously prefer to have a job I love, but if you're telling me I have to show up to a "meh" desk job in my quarter million dollar car that I drove from me 8 million dollar house, wearing my 6,000 suit and my 30,000 watch...I'm gonna be honest with you...I would be okay with that. I'm not gonna say I would do a job that I absolutely HATE, but lets face it, very few people do what they really really LOVE, so why not suck it up and try to make the most money possible? If you try to feed me statistics about how the diminishing marginal utility of money flatlines around 80k or whatever, it doesn't work that way. That study is an average, and it is not indicative of every person's values. I think it is naive to say that money doesn't buy happiness as a blanket statement. Sure, there are people who REALLY do not need money to be happy, nor will an influx of money in their pocket make them happier, fine. I see that, I respect the hell out of it, and I envy it. But to say that my (or anyone else's) idea is not valid that money WILL inevitably bring happiness, and a lot of it, is naive, and it crosses into the realm of offensive when people say its shallow. What makes valuing money so shallow? Its gonna make me HAPPY. Spending time with your kids makes you happy, so you work a 40 hours a week job, make a decent salary and call it a day. That's GREAT, honestly, its awesome that you can do what makes you happy. If I want to work 60 hours a week at a job I may not like that much, and make a few million a year (Yes, this is not common at ALL, but for the sake of the argument here, just go with it), why is that not okay for me live by? Much needed TL;DR: When people talk about what makes them happy, pretty much any answer except "money" is acceptable, and I am offended that this is the case. Seeking money as a happiness and valuing it as such does not make me any better or worse than the person who finds happiness in other things. For those of you who actually read this, thank you, and I respect your opinions. I did not mean to offend anybody, only to clear the air. EDIT: To be clear, yes, I obviously won't be happy sitting around a bunch of green dollar bills, and it is the things I do with the money that makes me happy. I am aware of this. This is why the quote "Money doesn't buy happiness" irks me, because yes, for some people, it definitely does buy happiness. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!