It's pretty well known that women over 30 tend to have increasing difficulties getting pregnant. Women approaching 40 and over 40 also have increasing difficulties with prenatal development and reaching full term. Aside the biological aspects, though, if you have your last child at 28, and let us suppose that you have a nice healthy boygirl, then by the time they're 18 and off to college or whatever they decide to do, you're barely in your mid 40s. You can go see the world. You don't have to haul your kids around to their extracurricular activities. If you're a fit and healthy individual, you can go climb mountains or ski and whatnot. I mean, it just makes sense to me. Due to your young age, you can also be more active with them. Actually help them with their sport or go on runs with them. Or actually remember how to solve Calculus equations and help them with their homework. The only con I can think of is the psychological toll on the mother. I'm a 21-year-old single mom, so I can attest to the stressful difficulties. However, when I think about the fact that I won't even be 40 when my daughter turns 18, I get pretty stoked about the future. Also, I have so much more fun with her. When we go to the park or to little play places (like in the mall) I can actually chase her, climb, crawl, etc. and have a great time with her. I will admit, working and going to school makes it mentally draining, though. I'm aware that every person will have their individual views on this based on experiences and influences. I would just like to see if I can be made to believe otherwise and if I should put off having children once I'm done with school and at a stable point in my career. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!