In [a recent thread] on this subreddit, a poster stated, "I also am not convinced that pharmaceutical companies have any vested interest outside 'selling more pills in a post about depression, and I get the sense that this is a fairly common view, at least on reddit. I see no reason for this skepticism. Yes, the biggest pharma companies are publicly owned companies with financial obligations to their stockholders, so there is some plausible motive for less than ethical behavior. However, I think it's foolish to consider only this motivation and not even recognize that, ultimately, bad behavior will come to light, and there will be severe financial repercussions for it. To make the argument a little more concrete, consider this example. Say Pfizer (just picked it randomly, it could easily be Merck or Sanofi or whoever) is developing a new drug indicated for diabetes, but they realize it doesn't work as well as they had hoped. A significant RD investment was made to make this study possible, and now they find the molecule is a bust. Oh shit! So they fudge their data to try to fool the FDA (I'm American, but I think the principle applies to all developed countries) into believing that the drug actually treats diabetes. At this point, two things can happen. The first and overwhelmingly more likely is that the FDA will see Pfizer's bullshit and call them out on it. If the FDA determines the bad data were intentional, Pfizer would face serious legal consequences and, equally important to board members who have to constantly placate shareholders, financial consequences in the form of reduced investor confidence and a hit to their reputation. If the FDA is wrong and thinks Pfizer just made a mistake, there will be similar but probably less severe consequences. Either way, this outcome sucks for Pfizer. The other outcome is that Pfizer successfully fools the FDA and their bad product gets marketed. Doctors prescribe it because they've been told by the FDA it works, but their patients' condition doesn't improve and in some cases, worsens dramatically. Now, doctors will bring this up and eventually the FDA will get wind of it. After an inquiry, Pfizer will get hit with the same consequences as in the previous scenario, just delayed by a couple years. This outcome also sucks for Pfizer, but it also costs human lives or suffering, so it's probably worse. Either way, though, Pfizer doesn't gain anything from making a bad drug. In a highly competitive market (there are literally hundreds of companies making drugs for all sorts of disorders and diseases), no pharma company, no matter how big, can afford the financial hits they'll suffer by making a bad drug. This doesn't even give them the benefit of the doubt because it assumes they don't actually want to help people (which most people do). So, the way I see it, it's irrational to assume pharma companies are "out to get" the public by making bad drugs because they have strong financial incentives to make good drugs, to say nothing of the moral and social incentives. CMV. Full disclosure: I'm an intern at a pharma consulting company, which has involved much learning about pharma companies and has shifted my view away from the skepticism I commonly hear and see.