EDIT: It has been pointed out that the Federal Reserve doesn't actually print money. I don't want to go through and edit everything (and I can't edit the title), so I ask you instead to discuss the system of money printing if you will. I'm hoping somebody can correct me on this if I'm incorrect, which is why I came here. So you know, I'm using VALUE and MONEY very differently and trying to be very careful when each is used, so take note of that. So the federal reserve is in charge of printing money right? They print more, and then the government feeds it to the big banks and is dispersed (kinda) outward. It's easy to see this as printing more money and keeping things going. But I had this thought today. If you think about all of the value that exists in the United States at a set moment in time. All the buildings, all the work, everything tangible and intangible that has value. We're going to call this 1 unit of value that we will call 1 GDP-V. Note, this is not a dollar amount. This is a concept of value. Now all of that value gets denoted as dollars. This is how we think of actual GDP. When the federal reserve prints money, they add to the total number of dollars in existence. This adds to the total supply of money, thus deluting its value slightly over time, obviously we know this as deflation inflation (duh. Thanks for the edit... I shouldn't say obviously and then use the opposite term:-P). However, if you think about all of this as that GDP-V, that actual value, the concept switches a bit. So think of 1 GPD-V as one un-movable concept in your mind. It can't be moved by the amount of money, because it's just the sum of the value of the work, not the amount of dollars or money that is involved. When the Federal Reserve prints money, think of what happens to that value, that GDP-V. It doesn't change at all. All of the services are still the same value, it's just now represented differently in dollars. On an individual scale, your work (whatever you do) isn't worth less, it's just that you need more dollars now to equal the same value. So if this GDP-V remains constant, what effect does this money that they print have, since it is representative of the value of what we do? It's basically stolen from us. If the Federal Reserve, in a frozen moment in time, print enough money that is equal to .01 GDP-V, what happens? Our services are not worth any less, they still hold the same value. And the value of everything has to be constant at 1 GDP-V. So now, everything that was being done, now represents .99 GDP-V instead of 1. Now all of the economy possesses .99 GDP-V and the Federal Reserve now has .01 GDP-V. Yes they are printing money, but conceptually they are stealing value. A simple way to put it is that by causing inflation of money, they artificially increasing their own position by printing their own money. But they hold no actual value as they do not contribute. I was just thinking about this, so it shouldn't be hard to earn a delta on this one. I'm honestly just looking for feedback and holes in the argument, so I hope someone can help out and provide good feedback and help explain some concepts that I know I'm a bit shaky on. Thanks:)