I believe Unidan should be banned permanently because of the following: he gamed the system, has willing upvotedownvote brigades, and generated revenue based on his reddit fanbase. this is regardless of whether he personally financially benefited from it even though he claims he hasnt. this is the same thing quickmeme was doing- and the precedent calls for permanent banning. he should be banned as he is no longer just a user on reddit that was shadowbanned. He can pick a new account (unidanx) and still rely on his crazy fan base to circlejerk how amazingly sciencey he is. He admitted using alt accounts to game the system, and received reddit gold times 3 and in the hundreds of upvotes- in less than an hour. Unidan breaking the rules and 'getting away with it' will encourage others to try harder at multivoting their threads. people will always do it, but it will be seen as though reddit wants to be gamed (as long as they receive the benefits of gold). Unidan is a fraud that reddit should quickly distance itself from- he no longer has credibility. he didnt make a mistake, he did it willingly and knowingly. to clarify, I dont mean the joke accounts, I mean any account created by the irl unidan should be deleted banned and sent away so, cmv- why should unidan stay? edit: I just want to say that this has been a great discussion so far and i thank you for that. my view has been changed somewhat that his person should be banned on reddit. but i still think any claims to the title and circlejerk of unidan deserves a good old ban stamp Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!