EDIT 2: If I could I'd change the title to "CMV: People born in the UK shouldn't have more privileges than those born outside of it when living in the UK." I think the content implies that it relates to people living in the UK but the title can lead to some initial confusion. This started becoming a vocal opinion for me earlier today when my dad and brother told me why they voted for UKIP in the European Elections. I became angry that their reason was both because they didn't want any more Romanians or other potential immigrants coming over here just to take benefits. This and the fact that they didn't want the UK to be included in the EU. After doing some research I've found that a smaller percentage of Romanians are on benefits than English born and this seems to be the case for other immigrants too. I presented this back to them and the argument against it was to the effect of "At least the English people on benefits were born here." I believe that this is a small minded and selfish opinion. I know it's not right for other people to come for the purpose of receiving free money - as it's not right for the people here to not work and receive the same (coughmy brothercough) - but if people in countries with worse economies are coming to work and live in a place that would save them from poverty (or something close to it) then it is our duty as human beings to welcome our fellow man when they are in need. When I say our fellow man, I mean any human being with good intentions, no matter how foreign he may be. I was also given the typical "they take our jobs" argument somewhere in the mix too and I think that's a petty thing to say as well. I'm with Doug Stanhope ( 1:47) in him saying that if you lose your job to someone who can't speak the language then you have failed. Immigrants coming over to the country means that well educated and hardworking people (doctors, policemen, etc.) will have more work as they will be more in demand to account for the rising population. If a "born and bred" Briton loses their job packing boxes for a living to someone who can't even speak their language then they are a loser. People born in the UK should use their 12 year education to work towards becoming someone with a set of skills that puts them above others because of their achievements rather than telling everyone that they should have more privilege because they drew lucky when they were born into a first world country. EDIT: Missing word and spelling mistakes. Oops. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!