If you go back to our most primitive roots, the only real job we ever had as humans is to survive. We are generally considered a social animal, but are even able to survive on our own by hunting, gathering, growingfarming (recent), planning, etc... It is through working together in groups that we advanced and different activities for survival became distributed to different people to make things more efficient. Today, it is jobs that make society work. But as technology progresses it takes less jobs to accomplish similar productivity. If this trend is to continue, there will be less and less jobs required but more and more productivity. Eventually, most things should become far more efficient if not outright automated. This means jobs will become a thing of the past. We are already seeing this happen in todays world with corporate profits higher than ever, yet people unable to find jobs to support themselves. The situation will only get worse as technology and productivity improves. Now you could argue that as jobs are replaced, new jobs are created. But if something is more efficient, that means you are getting more productivity from less work. That means you are replacing 10 manufacturing jobs with 1 engineering job, 1 scientist job, 1 controller job, 1 sales job, and perhaps 5 robotics and computer software programs. This will continue and 10 scientists will be replaced by 1 scientist and 10 engineer by 1 engineer. So inherently, the concept of job is flawed. If we had perfect efficiency, that was near pure automation, then relying on jobs for income wouldnt work because corporations would not need any employees, or very few. So what is the end game then? Its certainly not jobs. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!