As of now I understand why bad 3rd generation wave feminists (I will use 3rd gens for short) do what they do, the idea of getting rid of the gender binary, gender equality, trying to raise women up to the same playing field within subtleties in culture, which causes 3rd gens to do absurd things and think they are doing some greater good (getting mad at nuances in language that are common in culture, "men at work" etc , tiny stupid things like that) however I have yet to actually see any good come out of it. In fact I have seen more victimization, anti male sentiment, and more toxic ideas come from this movement now than ever before. Ideas like, instead of raising women up, bringing males down, creating a separate experience for women, instead of empowering women, make them feel superior, making gender experiences instead of human ones, perpetuating the idea that women are acted upon, not actors. I don't see the work being done to change fundamental cultural feelings on genders, I see people created by those things acting on that culture to create something disgusting. To be clear I am only talking about third generation feminists, not second generation or first. Also state what third generation feminism means to you, because the nature of "make feminism fit with your identity" in 3rd gen feminism has made it difficult to argue, and its been hard for me to even pinpoint its goal. finally If you want me to clarify anything, please ask EDIT: I think I can safely say that Feminism itself, specifically third wave, is a force for good, and has done good, especially if you think about it like being a " On going conversation " (thanks ufeudette), There have been numerous examples posted of 3rd wave ideals being acted on by 3rd wave feminists and doing good as well, and I agree with the core tenets of the 3rd wave. I have no problems with feminism. However that being said, there were a surprising number of people who replied in this thread who represented the kind of people who expressed the support of ideas that I was talking about. They weren't always explicitly "men suck" kind of rhetoric, but the way some people have formulated their ideas on the source of feminist problems and ideas on how to further feminist goals were anti egalitarian. The majority of these people have since clarified their position to something much more reasonable and have provided some great pro -feminist examples. In short, feminism is good, some feminists have the wrong ideas, but aren't bad people themselves, very few are actively radical (3rd wave accomplishments are not something that happens with protests, explosions, and loud yelling, but rather, conversations and diplomacy), this and ignorance of the movement are the major causes of feminism bad image.