In way of a preamble to this explanation I would like to start by stating that I do not condone the production or distribution of child porn. I acknowledge that the children in the images are abused or exploited and that children are re-victimised if they are to learn that images of their abuse are being circulated on the internet. This being said, my argument is based on my belief that victimless acts should not be offences. In an attempt to avoid any responses claiming that possession and making of child porn causes harm, I will explain why I do not believe this to be the case. Firstly though, I would like to remind anybody reading this that when a person is charged for either of the two offences mentioned above, they are only being tried for those charges and not for related charges. For example, a person might also be charged with distribution or production of child porn but a person who is being charged with possession and making might not be guilty of these acts. It is widely reported that children are harmed in the production of child porn. This is because children are generally either sexually abused or exploited for the images to be produced. It is also well reported that children who have had photographs taken of them are re-victimised if they are ever made aware of the fact that photographs of their abuse are being circulated around the internet. The legal principle of causality stipulates that a person is only culpable for the harm caused by their act if the harm can be directly attributed to their act. For example, if I were to push a person over and they were to smash the head open and die as a consequence of their injury then I am responsible for their death. However, if I was to push a person over and they were to crack their head open, go into hospital and recover past a point where their injury is continuing to be a significant life threatening injury, but then they contract a virus due to poor hospital hygiene and die from the virus then my actions can be said to be a factor but not the cause of their death. There are two arguments which are often made when a person tries to attribute harm to the acts of possession of making of child porn. First is that the act of making (copying) feeds supply to the market and so results in the commission of more child abuse images. For this to be the case there would have to be a feedback loop whereby the producers of child porn are aware of levels of consumption. This might be the case for commercial enterprises where the producer sells images to the consumer but when it comes to peer-to-peer networks, it cannot be established that such a feedback loop exists. The images are technically being stolen from producers and due to the distributed nature of peer-to-peer systems (except torrents), it is not possible to track files. For this reason, in the case of peer-to-peer file sharing of child porn, I do not believe it can be said that this feedback loop exists. Giving consideration to the legal principle of causality mentioned above, even if a person could demonstrate that the act of making (copying from another persons computer) results in a pornographer or abuser making more images, due to the fact that a pornographer or child abuser has the ability to exercise free will, it cannot be said that the person who made (copied) the images is culpable for the harm caused. The second argument that is made is that a person who is in possession of child porn is responsible for the harm caused by re-victimisation. As I mentioned above the second example where harm is caused is when a victim of child abuse or exploitation is made aware that their images are being viewed and circulated around the internet. I am in no way attempting to minimise the trauma caused to a victim from learning that images of their abuse are being circulated around the internet, but in relation to the legal principle of causality I would like to make the following point. The factors leading to this harm are as follows: 1. Victim is sexually abused or exploited. 2. Victim is photographed during point 1. 3. Pornographer abuser distributes or sells the images. 4. Consumer downloads the images (lets say from peer to peer networks for the sake of this argument). 5. Consumer is arrested. 6. Victim is identified in the images. 7. If the victim is under at at the time the images are found the victim's parents are told that the images have been found are being used to convict the consumer. 8. If the victim is over 18 they are given the opportunity to opt-in to a victim notification scheme whereby they are sent a letter notifying them that images of their abuse have been found and are being used to convict the consumer. It would be worth pointing out at this point that to my knowledge the United States is the only country where a victim of child abuse is made aware that images of their abuse have been found. The system to enable notification is part of the law but the notification itself is optional. My point is that giving consideration to the legal principle of causality, I would consider points 7 and 8 to be directly attributed to the harm caused by re-victimisation. Holding a consumer of child porn liable for the harm that is caused from the notification of the victim would be like a person having access to all of their friends and family's personal communications and blaming any friend or family member who had said mean things about them for them becoming upset after reading what they had said. I would consider that in the case of the harm caused by the re-victimisation from notification of victims, the act of distribution would be a more immediate factor in the harm caused. If it were not for the pornographer or abuser distributing the images then the harm caused by re-victimisation would not exist as there would not be any consumers of those images. If you believe that possession and making of child porn should still be an offence after reading this explanation then please make a point of stating whether or not this is because you disagree with my belief that they are victimless acts and think that harm is caused, or whether you agree that they are victimless acts, but think that they should still be offences anyway.