The "official story" of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting seems so implausible to me that I've concluded that virtually none of its essential points are true. The usual conspiracy discussion boards stink and only talk about details that are unverifiable, are due to unreliable witnesses, or could be the results of shoddy computer records (e.g., a lot of homes of victims' families having weird pricesdate in public property tax database or victim webpages having premature creation times). I consider these angles pretty much a distraction compared to the whole picture, which I have a hard time accepting at face value. Basic details that seem super sketchy to me: Perpetrator is someone who's basically been seen by nobody for a few years and who has no real connection to the school (mother volunteered there ca. 1999, was not a teacher). Shooter kills himself before being confronted by police, who entered the school 4-5 minutes thereafter. 26 of 27 injured victims killed, which is an unheard of lethality ratio. The only reported non-lethal injury was a footlower leg laceration potentially from a ricochet. All but three victims declared "dead right there." The three evacs didn't happen for more than half an hour, despite the firehouse ambulances being literally next door and two of the three ultimately dying. None of the victims' families have sued the school, the localstate governments, or Lanza's very wealthy father (who was the one ultimately paying for all the guns, etc.) for the event or its subsequent handling. Censorship by FBI classificationCT FOIA law change make it difficult to get any real info. Police, paramedics, doctors, medical examiners, and cleanup crew all apparently have gag orders. Even security cam footage of Lanza entering the building has been kept secret. I've been friends with enough medics and trauma E.R.s doctorssurgical nurses to doubt that every shot individual would be either so quickly, definitely dead or not rushed to the hospital much faster and visible to the media. People simply don't die so quickly (10 min) every single time from gunshot wounds, even if they're kids, shot in the head, etc. Likewise, Americans simply don't not sue others when they've undergone any appreciable degree of loss or suffering. The major details seem so fishy to me that I don't see how at least some of it can't be a cover-up for government incompetence or worse. Frankly, it should be trivial to prove that this was a real shooting. Even if the coroner reports are never released, the victims' families should be known collectively by many thousands of other individuals. That said, I've never seen extended friends and family in the media or even talking on Reddit, just the same few people who've been on the news since day 1. Surely somebody can find long-established neighbors, etc., who knew some of those families for years and continue to do so? Prove to me that the Sandy Hook victims were real individuals and CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!