First of all, I'm Turkish as one may figure out easily. And I really want to understand the Armenian Genocide from the other perspective, since many people other than Armenians also hold the belief that Turkey Republic should recognize the events too. Here's a few things to acknowledge before I explain why I hold my belief: 1) I know many Armenians died in that period by the Ottoman Empire. 2) I know since Turkey republic is the successor state of the Ottoman Empire, they should be accountable. So, why do I believe Armenian Genocide is only a propaganda material against the Turkey Republic? Because whenever the events got mentioned (in the internet mostly), things get out of proportion and many of the facts get left out. Armenian Resistances happened frequently, after the French Revolution especially. Thing to note is Armenians are not the only minority people who were resisting against Ottoman Empire. These resistances were commonly violent, and also violently suppressed. During the WW1, which Ottoman Empire was being invaded by the superpowers of the era, Britain, France, and Russia; Armenian Forces aided Russian and French with their invasion . There were a lot of Armenian civilians volunteered for army, most of which are killed in conflicts. Because of the Bolshevik Revolution, Russian Forces had to back out from war early, leaving the Armenian Forces by themselves. Since it was a wartime, food was scarce and there were many starvations to death from both sides. Many Armenian civilians were deported from their homeland as a security precaution by Ottoman Empire. Many civilians among them died during the travel. And lastly, yes there were crime acts by Ottoman Empire, pillaging the Armenian villages. Though another thing to note is, Muslim villages were raided by Armenian Resistance too, to a lesser extent. These are shameful acts, never could be condoned in any way, but it happens in even the modern wars of today. Considering all these events, I think Armenian Genocide is a propaganda to gain a upper hand on Turkey Republic, because it only focuses on a very specific part of a huge scaled world war. Never mentioned that it was wartime, Ottomans had a way more civilian casualty (near 3 million- ) by the hands of different nations, and they had to do whatever they can to save their lands (these included extreme actions like deporting the Armenians). Really CMV, because if I'm wrong, I would love to hear. And lastly, I want to say as a Turkish guy, I'm really sorry for the Armenian deaths, I don't want to sound insensitive. It just that among all the wartime acts whole world history has, this one is brought frequently with all the information absent. Edit: I don't know who downvotes the thread without even leaving an explanation, but that doesn't help anything guys. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!