As an independent form of study, philosophy doesn't seem to have any practical applications. What value does philosophy have in the modern age, right now, aside from contemplating things. Is it truly worth it to invest a significant amount of time and money studying this field? There do not seem to be any tangible applications or appreciable benefits from studying philosophy aside from personal growth and the expansion of one's intellectual perspective, which I argue can be gained without studying philosophy in a rigorously academic manner. I often have read the argument that it is impossible to argue that philosophy is useless without using philosophy, or something along those lines. I acknowledge this. Yes, I am engaging in the use of philosophy right now, at this very moment. However, this does not provide an argument as to why it would be worthwhile to STUDY philosophy. What do you gain from studying philosophy that could not be gained from thoughtful introspection? Certainly, important tools have originated from philosophical study, such as the scientific method, and science could be described as a subset of philosophy itself but that isn't an argument against the lack of tangible benefits to be gained from studying philosophy. You don't need to study philosophy to become a capable scientist. You shouldn't need to study philosophy to cultivate a reasonable set of moral principles, or to be thoughtful about the circumstances and situations you encounter in your life. EDIT: I didn't expect so many answers! I'll try to read them all before I get too tired. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!