I just finished writing this for a public speaking class, and will inevitably have to see the other side of the argument, but cant. Can anyone change my view? Imagine the proposal of mass surveillance as a stoplight intersection with traffic cameras. Every car passing through the intersection appears on film. Only those cars triggering the cameras because of violations or having descriptions key to investigations have their license plates read and information scrutinized. Lessons from the Status Quo As a culmination of TED talks so profoundly articulated in the National Public Radio's (NPR) TED Radio Hour entitled "The End of Privacy," surveillance is currently inevitable in the United States. First, the Supreme Court has created a messy web of rulings on privacy that leaves a substantial gray area for government surveillance. For example, Griswold vs. Connecticut established an implied right to privacy in the 4th Amendment to the United States Constitution, and Riley vs. California extends warrant requirements to cell phone content. However, Smith vs. Maryland disallowed the complete veil of privacy and permits government metadata collection. Second, private companies mine droves of consumer data with little current or foreseeable restrictions. The Economist of the United Kingdom asked the provocative question in the summer of 2013: Should the government know less than Google? The article makes the same observation as many others in contemporary media - corporate data collection is insidious and now unavoidable. The U.S. News and World Report and the National Journal discussed in 2013 that the surveillance state is largely a product of private surveillance practices. Reform focuses on government collection (evident in the rise of the ACLU vs. Clapper case through the US Court of Appeals and public backlash against the Patriot Act and the National Security Agency in the U.S.), yet businesses conduct the bulk of data collection. The critical conclusion here is that some element of data mining is inevitable in developeddeveloping countries (many other nations are following the American example). This doesn't necessarily bind nations to fates of surveillance in theory at first examination, but empirics tell us otherwise. In March of 2013, the New York Times reported that at least 25 nations have domestic intelligence programs, and there are numerous international treaties and organizations that are working to guide surveillance program development to avert tyranny1. Any realistic discussion of government surveillance must consider the scope of private surveillance in the status quo. Portrayal and Biases In nations well read in dystopian novels, an aversion to government information control is understandable. But a cascade of colored media coverage and public cynicism only chokes off impartial discussion about government surveillance in society. Michael Hirsh of The Atlantic notes in his article entitled "Birth of the Surveillance State" that there is a war of perception waging between government agencies wishing to preserve their powers and media outlets looking to slander leftist "big government." As a result, citizens have charged and incomplete knowledge of their government's actions. For example, a poll conducted by MSNBC found that a minority of democrats favored government surveillance under the Bush administration, yet, seven years later a majority of democrats favored the same programs under President Obama. This demonstrates that the surveillance discussion in United States is too politically charged to be sincere and fruitful. The bias against government surveillance programs is formidable. In fact, there is a worrisome double standard in many developed nations with surveillance programs. The Guardian, for example, has discussed the media's blind eye to corporate media mining while anti-NSA sentiments roar2. Google knows every user's Internet habits, Facebook knows their locations, and Verizon knows the content and destination of their calls and text messages - metadata backlash is grossly overblown in this context. Truly, modern societies have a dangerous double standard and staunch biases that continues to hinder true discussion. As Judge Gerald Lynch of the Second Circuit of the US Court of Appeals stated just recently during the proceedings of the ACLU vs. Clapper case, "I just don't understand the argument as to what's so special about telephone records that makes them so valuable, so uniquely interactive, that the same arguments you're making don't apply to every record in the hands of a third-party business entity."3 Safety and Social Contracts Discussion of "justified" government actions revolves around governmental legitimacy and thus, social contracts. Political philosophers have developed theories pertaining to the role of governments and the balance of individual freedoms and societal restrictions for millennia. At the core of social contract theory is the forfeiture of absolute freedom for inclusion and protection in a society. Here lies the classic liberty versus security debate. As Jean-Jacques Rousseau discusses in his treatise Principles of Political Right, societies with social contracts requiring universal forfeiture of some liberties are idealistic because they facilitate a new breed of freedom. This basis of this freedom is security; safety via society furthers the human condition. Given this understanding, it is then one of the essential aims of any government to promote the safety of its citizens. Government surveillance programs dramatically improve the public safety and well-being. Looking to empirics, government surveillance is a critical tool in antiterrorism campaigns. We concede the fact that the United States has met many roadblocks with the NSA. Among others, there exists contention of the very basic effectiveness in thwarting terror attacks4. Surveillance programs are in their infancy, but we maintain that surveillance can and will be a counterterrorism tool in the future. As Paul Pillar of the Brookings Institute discusses in his article "Stop Bashing the NSA," NSA-type programs are the product of popular demand for counterterrorism efforts. As communication becomes increasingly digitized, developed and developing nations ought to have a vested interest in surveillance programs. It would be foolish to dismiss the prospect of surveillance as a tool to arm governments in an age of increasing computer power and information availability. Most importantly, governments have an obligation to protect their citizens from insidious business practices. There are three entities interested in citizens' information, and it is critical to maintain a perspective of their ultimate motivations. Simply, businesses generate capital from, cyber attackers commit crimes against, and government protects and serves the general public. People fear that government access to information only magnifies incriminating evidence. True, governments can and will prosecute when presented with viable evidence. However, Smith vs. Maryland obliterates the expectation of some variety of a "veil of privacy"9 between consumers and businesses. "The End of Privacy" also warns that businesses will manipulate consumers with their troves of data. Refer back to the discussion of the double standard. Government surveillance is the solution to private interest data manipulation. "The End of Privacy" describes data as capital and as such, supply and demand applies. Governments can eliminate corporate information monopolies and secure their stores against cybercrime through the collection of metadata10, 11. Additionally, governments can facilitate networking and innovation across vital sectors12. Citizens ought to recognize the potential for government surveillance and data collection programs to protect citizens from unfavorable business practices. Mass surveillance is ultimately representative of the contemporary power balance between governments and businesses. Disallow governments from controlling the lion's share of public data, and citizens will render themselves powerless. Remember, citizen's data is outside of their control and surveillance is now inevitable. Choose your actor: a private interest corporation with insidious business practices, or the government, whose job it is to protect and serve the general populace. Governments can enhance public safety with surveillance programs through other avenues too. In the United States, surveillance efforts are assisting with the war on drugs5. In fact, DEA and NSA cooperation is effective and increasing in frequency6. Justice systems stand to gain significantly from increased access to citizens' information. As Jane Mayer of The New Yorker articulated, "metadata and other new surveillance tools have helped cut the average amount of time it takes the U.S. Marshals to capture a fugitive from forty-two days to two."7 The United States Justice Department has commended the role of information from surveillance programs in increasing institutional efficiency8. In today's age of diminished geopolitics and post cold-war era ideological factionalism, information infrastructure is indispensable. There is unlikely to be any developed nation today who lacks ideological adversaries. As the age of troop combat and traditional combat wanes, the most valuable security assets are sophisticated technologies and programs like the American National Security Agency. Even if affirmative teams argue that surveillance programs are largely ineffective, the impact of a few intelligence successes justifies their presence. Recall that our advocacy entails only metadata surveillance for the majority of citizens. This trade is the core social contract theory. We maintain that the minor forfeiture of privacy outlined in our introduction is a worthwhile limit of absolute freedom considering the contemporary value of surveillance programs and their potential to enhance public safety. Ultimately, the preservation of even a few lives outweighs minor privacy concerns. Apply this concept to our utilitarian framework. Public safety is the epitome of utilitarian objectives. Trust in surveillance programs breeds peace of mind for the populace, which outweighs minor privacy infringements. Idealistic Shaping We contend that the vast majority of problems with and controversy surrounding government intelligence programs exist because of implementation errors. For example, court warrants for information scrutiny are a basic safeguard of public privacy, yet these programs are dubious in the United States. As the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) remarks on their website, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISC), created by the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (FISA), "pose an increasing threat to individual rights," because of secretive and unchecked authority. As a result, Affirmative arguments will focus on issues of constitutionality, for example, but these discussions are ultimately frivolous. These arguments have an American premise when this is truly an international, ideological, and theoretical issue. Not all constitutions mirror that of the United States. The United States can and is reforming their system to follow international examples13. Even though the NSA's actions have hampered American diplomacy in the short term14, governmental surveillance can become a tool rather than a weapon in the international sphere as demand amongst world powers grows. American-type programs that arise and engage secretly with legal dubiousness breed suspicion about government, this only corrodes faith and in turn, lessens democratic participation. Therefore, we should construct a theoretical state that has safeguards to foster trust. With empirics in mind, government surveillance can overcome its greatest barrier - public opinion. This carefully constructed surveillance state shall include many components. First, a surveillance constitution can avert an Orwellian-type slippery slope into dystopia. If governments adopt our definition of "mass surveillance" and outline ethical court practices for warrants, the American implementation empirics become null. Second, governments must construct a delicate security balance. Some degree of secrecy is necessary for the effectiveness and integrity of surveillance programs15. However, governments should disclose court proceedings and information not imperative to investigations. Third, the public and the government must be tolerant of watchdog agencies and whistleblowers that reveal lawless practices. These are the pillars of a healthy surveillance state. The affirmative teams must refute the premise of surveillance in a theoretical state without implementation barriers and with proper legal developments. Rejection of the status quo does not validate the resolution. That is to say, Affirmative arguments cannot use implementation errors as means to validate an affirmative position. Rather, they must refute the very concept of an ideological surveillance state. We have a unique opportunity to craft a surveillance state model that facilitates an unbiased discussion of mass surveillance. That is precisely what the topic asks. Intellectual Freedom No discussion of surveillance practices can skirt concerns of intellectual freedom. In the face of government tyranny, oppression of unfettered discussion is a classic fear16. Media portrayal is largely responsible for fear of Orwellian dystopias. Public perception should be of surveillance as protective, not oppressive. Only those wishing to harm the public body will face scrutiny. Surveillance states do not inherently constitute a limit of sedition. Governments can craft laws to distinguish safety of public from rebellious discussion of their practices, thereby pacifying the "you have nothing to fear if you have nothing to hide" slogan. Once the public differentiates the health of the populace from the health of government institutions, surveillance states can escape Orwell's condemning fantasies. This view ought to be sewn into any surveillance constitution. Evidence of a planned attack against the British Parliament shall spur an investigation. However, plans to assemble outside Parliament shall not be infringed. Indeed, it is the perceived powerlessness of discourse and individual action that motivates violence against the state. Surveillance can aid democracies while being no more than a tool for safety. A Shift in Judicial Paradigm Jack Balkin of the Yale Law School Legal Scholarship Repository argues in his 2008 article entitled "The Constitution in the National Surveillance State" that surveillance states pose a troubling transition from judiciary models of "ex post apprehension" to those of "ex post prevention." Balkin contends that surveillance programs aim for crime prevention, and policing practices will come to defy constitutional safeguards if individuals do not have to actually commit the crime they intended to face prosecution. We find this logic to be flawed twofold. First, this shift of judiciary paradigm is not unique to surveillance practices. Many societies, including the United States have laws criminalizing malicious intent and planning (the basis of conspiracy offenses). These laws have existed far longer than surveillance practices. Second, we favor this paradigm shift and contend that if surveillance facilitates it, then that is only an advantage. Today, a single criminal can create far more damage than 50 years ago or the age in which the United States Constitution was drafted. In this sense, "ex post prevention" enhances public safety greatly by disallowing otherwise legally unstoppable actions. So long as police maintain a credible standard for evidence needed to convict on the basis of intent and planning, then this shift is progressive. The Wonder of Metadata TLDR TLDR; Mass surveillance doesn't necessarily have a significant impact in most citizens' lives or privacy. In fact, metadata collection programs are hardly noticeable in the lives of law-abiding citizens17. This is the crux of mass surveillance's potential. By using miniscule data from each citizen and analyzing trends, governments can preempt devastating crimes and locate convicts. Such measures will require minimal privacy infringement18. In all, we contend that mass surveillance programs contribute far more to society than they retract. When improving safety and operating in a semi-transparent manner, governments are justified in using mass surveillance as means of intelligence gathering. In a utilitarian sense, mass surveillance is absolutely justified. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!