A little while back, I had a very interesting discussion with two missionaries about morality and the Bible. We eventually got onto the story of Elisha and how a prayer he issued led to the deaths of 42 young people who were taunting him. The passage from the Bible is as follows: "2 Kings 2:23-24 New International Version (NIV) Elisha Is Jeered 23 From there Elisha went up to Bethel. As he was walking along the road, some boys came out of the town and jeered at him. "Get out of here, baldy!" they said. "Get out of here, baldy!" 24 He turned around, looked at them and called down a curse on them in the name of the Lord. Then two bears came out of the woods and mauled forty-two of the boys." [ (Source) ] The missionaries argued that one problem with the above passage is that 'boys' could potentially refer to anybody up to their twenties, but I'm struggling to see how this makes their deaths morally justifiable. Even if we assume that they were young men acting aggressively and threatening an innocent man, I do not believe that their actions proportionally warranted a violent death at the hands of two bears. At an even deeper level though, the passage seems to have several implications for the moral character of God himself. I argued that a kind and loving God might instead choose to grant the 42 youths an epiphany which would lead them to the realisation that taunting people is unacceptable. If nothing else, God could have defended Elisha if the youths actually started to use violence against him. The missionaries' rebuttal was that such an act would have been an abridgement of free will, but given that God already decided to abridge their free will by taking away their lives, I'm not sure that this lets God off the hook. I've read several different interpretations of this story from various Christian websites but I don't accept the widely-accepted conclusion that the aggressive behaviour demonstrated by these youths presented sufficient grounds for their death. I'm therefore highly curious to see if anybody can provide a justification for God's actions in this particular part of the Bible. Thank you. EDIT: Many thanks to the person who gifted this post Reddit Gold and many, many thanks to everyone for some truly insightful and thought-provoking replies. I'll be a little busy with work this weekend, but I'll do my best to reply to as many people as possible. Apologies if it takes a little while though for me to respond. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!