First of all, I'm not a pacifist. I'm skeptical of the value of the right to bear arms, and though I'm not necessarily against it, I do believe disarmament is ideal. I won't get into the political ramifications of the gun debate here in America, I just want to focus on one aspect of it: that we requires guns, specifically conceal carry guns, for self-defense. I've studied self-defense arts like krav maga for a bit now, and everything I've learned about guns tells me they are terrible for this purpose. First of all, the [21 foot rule] teaches us that a man with a knife will almost always win against a man with a holstered gun. "Holstered" is the only reasonable scenario for what I'm talking about here. I assume you're not going to be walking past every dark alley or through every crowded bar with your weapon drawn. When do you get a chance to see a mugger or home invader coming from 30 feet away? And if you're defending yourself in a crowded bar, your bullets can only add to the danger of everyone around you, even if you're skilled. All of this assumes you have decent training and are physically and mentally unimpaired. World-class police officers with years of experience adhere rigidly to the 21 foot rule. Amateur conceal-carriers are going to fair even worse, I'd imagine. I agree that guns are a tool like any other, that can be used and misused. I also believe guns are a completely inefficient tool for anything other than combat with intent to kill, and the idea that we need to guns to stop muggers and rapists is a fallacy we use to excuse our love affair with weaponry. Obviously we can craft scenarios where a gun is the best possible tool for self defense, but that's just my point: these scenarios are almost always completely unrealistic. Far more efficient options include good aggressive unarmed self defense techniques, conflict avoidance, investing in home security that prevents home invaders from actually entering the building, and options like tasers which can still be misused but are less likely to cause loss of life. Certainly we can't eliminate risk. There will always be failures and tragedies, guns or no guns. But guns make wholesale slaughter a lot easier because that's what they're designed for, and the [rebranding] of weaponry as a viable self-defense tool is just irresponsible. I don't hate guns or people who own them, but I think people think guns will protect them, and I think that's a lie. To change my view, I'd like proof that guns are a viable self defense tool. Statistic are often [unreliable] on this topic due to the highly political nature of the argument, but I'll accept any strong logical arguments. EDIT: This has been a fantastic discussion. I've got a lot of research to do. I've awarded two deltas: one to uforealdudes for informing me that my notions about the 21 foot rule are incorrect and that according to military training the man with the firearm will still frequently maintain control of the situation even if the attacker is very close, and another to the appropriately named uGunDefender for providing a CDC article I won't pretend to be qualified to disagree with that specifically states crime victims who defended themselves with guns fared better than those who used other methods. I still maintain two beliefs: one, that people massively overvalue guns as self defense tools such that they neglect other forms of training. Self-defense requires a well rounded regimen, putting all of your faith in one tool is lazy and oftentimes dangerous. And two, that we as a culture all suffer from the misinformation surrounding guns. The fact that guns might be useful as a crime deterrent does not mean we shouldn't be extremely skeptical of the people who shill them or the culture they create. But overall I think my original V is C'd. By all means keep the discussion going. I'll be checking back in to see if anyone else has raised some good points. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!