Since my last CMV many things have materialized, so I decided to write a new CMV. The most important thing that materialized was the answer [Donald Sterling's Answer] [I posted in rnba but it seems they've deleted or hid it some how.] Next we have V. Stivano's talk with Barbara Walter's Dr. Phil: [Dr. Phil: V. Stiviano: The Woman behind the Donald Sterling Scandal - May 21, 2014] -I liked this interview a lot. I don't know if this is here and Donald have some sort of clandestine affair. However, I think she does very well under pressure. In a lot ways I think she's the perfect mistress, also the perfect assistant. She explains that she took him middle class shops, and did things with him that were his normal life. But more importantly she does not appear like gold digger, she feels she earned everything with work. She improves Donald's image, and also she seems very committed to him for some reason. Whenever she talks about Donald talks about him very highly, even when she has the opportunity to betray him. I think you have to respect a person like that. I find it funny that every lady that I know immediately thinks she was sleeping Donald. [Donald Sterling's Confidante V.Stiviano Speaks Out] -This interview is very convincing that Stivano cares about Donald. -Both interviews bring an important questions. Would it wrong for a racist man to hire someone that would help him not be racist? Can someone have redemption? [FULL INTERVIEW] DONALD STERLING ON ANDERSON COOPER 360] -This interview is odd because not entirely surely if Donald posturing or not. Since he's been a lawyer for a long time I believe he knows how to lie. The thing that's a problem here, is I'm not sure he can even have sex. Because he so vague about his encounters with V. Stiviano I feel like he's trying maintain his image. [Spike Lee addresses racist LA Clippers Owner Donald Sterling] -I think he's right that people shoudl speak about this. There's separation from activity and thoughts. I think we thoughts should be protected. [Mark Cuban on Donald Sterling Racism Scandal Future of Privacy] -I think Mark Cuban's Take is fair. I agree also that you can't legislate morality. [Skip and Stephen A.'s Reaction to Mayweather - T.I. Brawl] -I added this video because I think it's hilarious that Stephen A. Smith says the exact same thing as Sterling did in his comments about Stiviano. In fact, the situation between Mayweather and TI is similar. Especially, if you believe that Sterling's jealousy brought up the comments. But for some reason it's ok for Stephen A. to talk about Race and perception, but not ok for Sterling? The only difference between Stephen A Smith and Sterling is history. I think that Sterling's statements are caustic. I think it's important to understand when he came from. He came from the heart of Jim Crow laws. He's also Jewish, and it is well Jews have received there share of racism. So the comments don't surprise me. I do not feel that he's wrong for thinking these thoughts. As long as he isn't making racist actions, his comments are about things we may not like, but it's something we must allow. Mainly because, there was a time where anti racist sentiment were vilified as much as Donald Sterling's comments, and if we didn't allow people have their individual thoughts we would never have gotten to where we are today. So if Sterling is ousted it should be on evidence rather than this call. And based on all the information that has come about, he should keep the Clippers.