My stance is clear by the title. A person is one or the other, either a theist or an atheist. Sometimes when the discussion comes up, and a person is called an atheist, they'll reply with "No, I'm agnostic," as if they are mutually exclusive. However, by my understand of the definitions, a person must fall into one of the two categories either in their professed beliefs or by their behavior. The definitions I'm using are straight from google: Theist: "belief in the existence of a god or gods, especially belief in one god as creator of the universe, intervening in it and sustaining a personal relation to his creatures." Atheist: "a person who disbelieves or lacks belief in the existence of God or gods." It is my position that a person either believes in god (or other deity) and is thus a theist. Or, a person does not believe in god (or other deity) and is thus an atheist. I also consider behavior evidence of belief (or the person is a hypocrite). So if a person behaves as if there is a deity they are a theist, and if they behave as if there is no deity they are an atheist. So while a person may claim to be agnostic, stating that think that the existence of a deity is not currently know or is completely unknowable, they still fall into one side of the dichotomy based on either their professed beliefs or their behaviors. You can change my view by demonstrating that atheisttheist is not a dichotomy and there is a third position aside from (1) Belief in a god or deity and (2) lack of belief in a god or deity. Edit 1: I should further clarify the definitions listed above. The definition of atheist includes both those who disbelieve and those who lack a belief. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but disbelief is defined as "inability or refusal to accept that something is true or real." and the lack (of belief) would be defined as "the state of being without (belief) or not having enough of something." So a person who doesn't ask the question about deities cannot hold any belief about deities, thus 'lacks' a belief in deity and is thus an atheist. EDIT 2: Thank everyone for engaging me in this discussion! I'm not going to be posting in this topic any longer. As was pointed out by several people, I have expressed my view in such a way, and restricted the definitions I'm using in a way, that essentially makes this an impossible view to change. I still stand firm in my view that there is a dichotomy that exists, either a belief in a deity guides a person's behavior or it does not. That dichotomy has words associated with each position, Theist and Atheist. I still am not convinced that 'Agnostic' is a valid position to take in this dichotomy. Please accept my apologizes for presenting a view in a way that makes it unchangeable. Reading the replies I was able to better articulate my view and will be posting a more refined CMV on this subject at a later time. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!