EDIT: Immoral to amoral in response to r4d4r3n5 Ah you are right, should check before I post, corporations are amoral as they do not care about morality only profit.This may lead to immoral outcomes but the morality of the outcomes is not a factor in their decision process. After Russel Brand being on the TV for the last few days I thought I would put a view of mine out for a test in the CMV community. My title consists of two statements that I looking to be challenged on; 1) The first the assumption that the corporation is AMORAL. The way i envision a corporation is a legal manifestation whose role is to create wealth for its owners, e.g. shareholders. To achieve this the corporation must only operate within the law set out by government; and the ethical boundaries set out by the society it operates in to ensure customers do not desert it. From this view corporations are an amoral organisational structure as there is no thought to human's in that framework. A good example would be the externality of environmental damage via dumping waste into a lake. The act may damage humans and the environment but as long as it is not illegal and does not affect profits it should continue. The end result of a corporations actions may be moral, as it strives to match the customers demands, but that does not make it a moral entity. I am reading a bit about theories placing the customer ahead of the shareholder but am currently not convinced by it. 2) The second part is the assumption that even after this immorality is accounted for the corporation is still the best thing going for the world. The corporation has given us the greatest growth economic prosperity in human history, bringing billions out of poverty, preventing billions of unnecessary deaths, and providing more goodsservices than anyone could have foreseen. The are only two, major, alternatives that I am aware of, government and partnerships. Government undeniably has a major role to play in society but it cannot challenge the corporation in creating goodsservices. This was shown throughout the 20th century and see no reason why it would change. There is also the added problem of even if corporations are immoral they have far less power over us than an immoral state that controls all, or the vast majority of, goods and services. I am also doubtful about partnerships as they have been around for many years and do not seem to offer either much in the way of increased morality; they still operate to satisfy their partners not the wider community. They also do not seem to offer greater efficiency, or they would have out competed the classic corporation long ago. EDIT: Grammar