[Context] . In thermodynamics, it can be shown that any reversible adiabatic process does not increase the entropy of a closed system. Of course, since reversible processes don't actually occur in nature they can only be approximated quasi-statically. However, to me it doesn't seem implausible that future engineers would be able to build a machine which only negligibly increases its own entropy by utilising approximately isentropic processes. This situation would be further facilitated by the fact that the density of the universe is low in a heat death scenario, as such, it would be difficult for the machine to increase entropy via interactions with the environment. Think of it like this; we absolutely cannot bring humans to the speed of light with current technology. It's physically impossible. Humans are made up of massive particles. You know all this. However, it's plausible that future engineers might be able to design crafts that are fit to carry humans at 99.99 the speed of light. Close enough for all intents and purposes. In fact, we can already [build machines] which do this for single particles. Similarly, we absolutely cannot decrease the entropy of a closed system. It's almost] physically impossible. But it doesn't seem implausible that future engineers might be able to build machines that are efficient enough to approximate processes with zero net entropy increase. Perhaps they could get close enough for all intents and purposes? Note that the lifetime of the hypothetical machine need not be infinite, since stars could plausibly be regenerated by the [Poincare Recurrence Theorem] or the [Fluctuation Theorem] . If (somehow), conciousness could be uploaded to a machine like this then I would argue that we've 'survived' the heat death of the universe. Let's go reddit, CMV. Edit: Broken link Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!