Alright. There are people in this world who don't "believe in" climate change even though the evidence is there. There are people who think their kids shouldn't be "vaccinated." There are religious people who choose to stay ignorant to the contradictions of their own religions! Honestly, I feel sad for these people. I feel sad that they oppose change. They cling so hard to that which is fading. Those that falsely believe they are "free" are a lost cause. I feel that it is ethically wrong to kill those types of people. However, manipulating them is fine in my book. It is because, logic and words will not reach them. I point to fundamentalists of all religions. Look at the christen fundamentalists and what they stand for. Look at the Muslim fundamentalists and what they stand for. They can see the evidence, yet they fight for their lies. They CHOOSE to remain ignorant. As far the Muslims (I've met a few) they out right choose to turn a blind eye and say there is "no greater knowledge then allah." As far as the christens go, look at the bill nye vs ken ham. The pictures of religious people holding up stuff they wrote. "How can you describe the sunset without god?. My personal favorite was richard dawkins on fox news. [O'Riley] Tides go in tides go out lol. They are so closed off and live in a world of their own that its better to rule the dumb masses the not try to change them. There are countries in this world were just having a different opinion will kill you. Look at third world country like [bangladesh] where the islamic people will KILL atheists. And then rally against any more. They see free thinking as a poison to society. CMV Edits 1: fixed some word spelling. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!