I'm vegan, my fiance is not. However, we're planning to serve an vegan meal at our wedding (which I confident will be very tasty, and will have relatively few "exotic" dishes with weird names that would scare people away). His family found out about our plans, uproar ensued, with some of his extended relatives now saying they won't come if we don't serve meat, and that we "should stop forcing our opinions on them." I'm vegan for ethical reasons I can't imagine celebrating my wedding by slaughtering probably dozens of animals and spending hundreds of dollars supporting an industry I think is immoral. My reaction to the folks who would rather miss our wedding than going one meal without meat? Fuck 'em. No ones moralsethics require them to eat meat at all meals. If they were going to a Japanese wedding but didn't like sushi, would they get all bent out of shape or just deal with it? Would they be mad at a Jewish person wanting a Kosher wedding? But both my mom and my fiance are asking me to "try to see their side." So here I am. I know how many of you guys feel about vegans in general so I figure if anyone would have convincing arguments for why I should serve meat at my wedding it would be you. EDIT: Thanks for the responses so far. A few points of clarification: 1. My fiance does eat meat, but doesn't expect me to buycooktouch it for him. We're completely vegan at home, but he still occasionally orders meat when hewe go out. He eats A LOT less meat now than he did before, and is more conscious about what he eats in general. I agree it's technically arbitrary, but I do draw a line between a meat dish once or twice a month and looking out over a sea of chicken breast and steak. 2. I have never been vocal or aggressive in moralizing my veganism. I've gone to holiday dinners where I quietly ate my steamed veggies. I'm not even sure half his family knew I was vegan. I didn't make a big deal about the wedding food his mom only found out when she was inquiring about the menu because of a cousin with allergies. Also, while this thread may in fact change my view on whether or not to have the vegan wedding (just hearing the strong opinions makes me realize that no one is going to be happy, and uchocomele makes a good point on how I can do it without feeling like I'm totally compromising my morals), nothing said has yet changed my view that this is fundamentally a ridiculous request. I don't mean to call any of you ridiculous, but to truly change my view, I think someone will have to convince me of at least one of the following: A) Simply serving someone a vegan meal constitutes "making the event about proving a point," "passing moral judgement" and "not showing them respect." B) Somebody choosing to serve a plant-based meal is somehow fundamentally different than choosing lamb over steak or chocolate cake over vanilla, and therefore worth getting offended about. C) Asking a meat-eater to go one meal without meat is the moral equivalent to asking a vegan to serve meat (i.e., slaughter animals and support an industry she finds immoral) EDIT2 UPDATE: I'm out for the rest of the day, so I might not get to respond much more, but I will keep checking in. Thank you again for everyone who has commented. First, my fiance and I have worked out the following plan: We are going to take his mother to the restaurant that would cater, and have her try some of the dishes we are planning. Hopefully, she will like them and talk to the extended family that is upset (mostly her brother and family). In addition, my fiance is going to reach out and explain the significance of the restaurant to us and why we chose it. If neither of those work, we will have a single meat option, sourced as sustainably and cruelty-free as possible (details TBD) Secondly, in terms of CMV despite the flippant tone in my post, my main view wasn't "There is no way I will have a vegan wedding" but "Expecting a vegan to serve meat is a ridiculous (i.e., an unreasonable) request." Whether or not to accommodate an unreasonable request is a separate issue than whether or not the request is reasonable. umaddawg579 and umarinoxx are the commenters who have most nudged my "His family is unreasonable and close-minded but life is about compromised so maybe I'll deal" toward "I can at least understand why having meat at a wedding would be important to them and therefore a reasonable request."