I don't think Comcast is the horrible corporation the majority of reddit makes it out to be. My evidence will admittedly be anecdotal. But honestly so are the complaints I hear about or read especially here on reddit. I'd like to present several examples of why I've been impressed or pleased with Comcast's service. 1. My service is literally never down and I always get the speeds I pay for. The one time service failed in my neighborhood over the past year, it was due to a massive power outage that affected numerous homes in my neighborhood. Shortly after the power failure, I got a call from a Comcast service tech (he randomly selected me from a list of known customers in my apartment building) to confirm the outage was due to power and not a Comcast issue. I was impressed by this proactive measure as it seemed to fly in the face of many of the complaints I read about here. 2. Prices are fair. Full disclosure: I only use cable internet, not cable TV. For my first year in my new city, I paid 29.99 for 10 Mbps under a promotion. A month before my promotion was due to expire, I got a call from a customer service rep letting me know my promotion was ending and my monthly rate was about to double. To keep this from happening, she offered to put me into a new promotion for 15 more, this plan with even more speed, for the next year. This move also impressed me as this really wasn't in Comcast's best interest as they have a monopoly on my entire apartment building (through a contract with the property manager, we have no choice but to subscribe to them, so they could practically charge me whatever). So instead of paying 60 for 10 Mbps, I now pay 45 for 25 Mbps, a move they were under no obligation to do. 3. Customer service is decent. I had a slight issue with my new contract with I signed up for the new plan. And while I had some frustrations, I expected as much from such a large company dealing with so many calls. Eventually when my call was escalated and I explained my problem, I was actually put into a better plan than I initially signed up for due to my "frustrations" (something I didn't ask for). I've had to deal with Comcast for the past 6-7 years. They had the city I moved from locked down and monopolized. And my current living situation (as noted above) doesn't allow options either. But honestly I'm not upset by that. Internet is consistent and reliable. Service techs are on time. Issues are resolved. And the price I pay isn't unreasonable. Their rates for cable are probably horrible, but I haven't paid for TV in years (as is this trend with many people now anyway). So I think it's fair to assess them on their cable internet service alone. Do I look forward to Google Fiber? Hell yeah. But until then, I'm not that bad off. So CMV. And before you label me a shill and move on, please review my post history. In the past 2 years, I've hardly, if ever, commented on Comcast. I just don't see why the hate is justified. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!