Please forgive me if I get anything wrong, I read both Steinbeck books about 2-3 years ago and I don't remember all the details. Also sorry if I made any grammatical errors, it's almost bedtime so I don't have time to reread it. I know some schools have Grapes of Wrath as a required reading, and I think East of Eden would be a much better book to study in school than Grapes of Wrath. I think East of Eden has more complex themes than Grapes of Wrath. I feel like GoW is just a story about the misfortunes of one big family. EoE on the other hand is full of literary themes such as good vs evil and father vs son. I think East of Eden is more entertaining than Grapes of Wrath. Even though I enjoyed GoW very much, I thoroughly loved EoE. EoE's plot is so much superior than GoW's. The plot moved seamlessly even through the epic twists here and there. There were ups and downs. GoW's plot felt more boring - it's just misfortune after misfortune. EoE had much better characters than GoW. While GoW had a cast of people you would meet everyday, EoE had a cast of literary archetypes. I just liked the characters on EoE so much more. The chinese maid, the evil mother, the good guy neighbors were much more interesting than a ragtag group of people. In my opinion, East of Eden is a masterpiece of writing, more so than Grapes of Wrath. Sure GoW featured classic Steinbeck writing - but I feel like it was just there to tell the story and describe the dirt filled dust bowl environment (now the ending is something else). In EoE however, the writing just felt like it transcended time. His writing in EoE made me imagine the Salinas Valley as a heartbreakingly beautiful location in a mythical world. To sum it up, I think East of Eden is a better piece of literature to study in school because it contains more literary themes, more literary characters, and a more literary plot than Grapes of Wrath. I feel like Grapes of Wrath is just a simple story of overcoming obstacles whereas East of Eden is a more "literature" type book. CMV.