Laws against drinking and driving reduce the number of traffic fatalities, this makes driving a safer experience. Laws against drinking and driving exist to restrict people from partaking in such an activity. Drinking and driving is something that some people want to or enjoy doing, even if they understand the risks involved to themselves and others. The two most relevant definitions of freedom are the absence of necessity, coercion, or constraint in choice or action unrestricted use You are equally free to choose to drive with or without drinking and driving laws. You may choose not to because it is less safe in the absence of drinking and driving laws, but you are not coerced or constrained from driving. You are not restricted from driving. Drinking and driving laws do however coerce someone to not partake in that activity. The activity is also restricted. Drinking and driving laws therefor limit freedom but increase safety. To argue that drinking and driving laws "make me more free because..." are intellectually dishonest, since you are equally free to drive with or without the additional risk of drunk drivers. Your perception of risk does not make you more or less free. The use of freedom in these arguments is dishonest. Since you are equally free to drive either way, but drunk drivers are not equally free to choose to drive while drunk. edit: we're done here folks. Turns out this is a debate between - liberty now. Freedom in America comes from a distinctly negative connotation, and as a nation we are negative freedom oriented. But this specific scenerio is in fact a situation of "positive freedom."The conflict really arrives out of the fact that in a negative nation, something that is positive really creates a neutral scenario of sorts and the language becomes muddled because of this.So this does in fact become a different debate (I've issued a delta to the person that pointed this out).What this is really about is that America is a negative freedom nation and that DUI laws are a positive freedom scenario. So the use of the word freedom in here is... well odd. I'm not sure it's right or wrong yet, but it's certainly atypical because it is an atypical alignment of freedom (for our nation).Certainly drinking and driving laws violate the ideas of negative freedom and our nation is oriented to such a predilection. So the introduction of positive freedom usage is at the very least non-traditional.