I'm so pleased to revisit CMV for more self-examination. This is the continuation of a series of threads (including my previousrelated CMV.) If you didn't participate in any of that you can catch up with following links I won't vote for persons if I reason that their administration will commit [crimes against humanity] or be complicit in the same. I generally won't vote for candidates that I don't believe arewould be representative, trustworthy or viable. I don't think that I'm setting the bar too high. Buried in one of these threads is basically an exchange where somebody basically said to me 'if you aren't going to put forward ideas about election reform (of your own, OPA) then you (me) are just trolling.' Here is what I have so far: 1) The first and foremost idea is that election reform must benefit from broad consensus. Any election reform that does not meet this criteria (such as the present iteration of voter ID) must be opposed, solely on that basis perhaps. 2) All and any election reform must be viewed as legitimate pursuant to point one. On that basis I dismiss CFR as 'off the table.' On the other hand, we must be protected against foreign powers currying influence with our politicians through monetary support, likewise we must protect the political process from becoming a haven for money laundering. These concerns lend significant credence to efforts such as the legislative push for the DISCLOSE act (2010-11). This effort must be balanced against concerns that major donors would be targeted by partisan activists. I myself am acquainted with donors who have received death threats and have been otherwise targeted on the basis of their affiliations (democrats and libertarians, I haven't had the pleasure of being acquainted with Republican donors at the higher tiers, but I'm told and have seen reporting that such donors as Sheldon Adelson and the like have also be targeted in a like manner.) 3) Felon disenfranchisement threatens to destabilize our nation and therefore offers us an existential threat. Felons ought to be offered the chance to regain their franchise after a 'clean' 15 years (or something.) Felons who offer their service ought to be able to regain their franchise in a reduced period of time (perhaps ten years.) This would have the added benefit reducing recidivism (hopefully.) 4) The Committee on Presidential Elections Debates is an obvious target for election reforms. 5) Term limits are a viable option for election reform, but must be pursued only in a manner consistent with point (1). It should be remembered that term limits by themselves offer us little, and would only be meaningful in the context of a more comprehensive election reform (as a 'one-off' term limits are quite objectionable.) 6) I'm in favor of considering (but not necessarily implementing) 'out of the box' election reform ideas. One such idea would be what I've been calling 'soft' mandatory voting (the term mandatory voting after the policy currently in place in republics such as Australia.) Rather than making non-voters subject to penalty, a policy could be implemented that couples the most basic interactions with government (license for driving, tax deductions, military service) with voting. Persons (under 20 obviously) who have not yet had the opportunity to vote might be exempt. All other persons might be disqualified from such benefits (which are obtained voluntarily) if they do not participate fully by exercising their franchise. This would not run afoul of your conception of freedom (correct me if I am wrong) while vastly increasing voter participation. 7) The state of civic education is dreadful. Education on the subject of civics must become a bigger part of the basic curriculum (persons ought to be given a more meaningful opportunity to understand how to make use of their vote.) This is not to say that the 'low information voter' ought to be eliminated from the electorate. 8) Referendum reform: California (with their proclivity for passing social spending without paying for them) is a good example of why referendum are not appropriate for all matters of governance (some matters benefit from being informed by referendums.) The temptation to put so-called 'wedge issues' on the ballot has shown itself to be problematic as well. Election reform would be well served in addressing this issue. (I cleaned this list up somewhat, it doesn't appear as it did originally.) Anyway thanks in advance for your input!