I believe it is impossible for humanity to change its ways significantly enough to keep climate change under control. Let's look at the facts: - Mobilisation in civil society is in no way huge, especially compared to other issues that are deemed more important, and this transcends countries. - People are big on emphasizing individual initiatives to moderate one CO2 emission throught lifestyle changes yet individual changes are not what we need in the face of the overwhelming pollution generated by the industrialization of China. It's even quite ridiculous to see ecologist media outlets praise small initiatives that concern only a few thousand people for each country. - Even the people who sympathise about this and are aware of the problems mostly won't take any daily life measures, not like these would be enough anyway. - Now to the most important point: governments not ready to take appropriate measures. Here in France the government tried to implement a carbon tax but the backlash was so violent that they had to cancel it. And then you see the sad spectacle at the latest international conference were the United States still take stand as vague as "we need to do something" when they should be doing something right now. The US is supposed to be the most important country and can't take leadership in this issue even using internal policy ? Furthermore it looks to me like other measures adopted during this meeting were remedies against the consequences of global warming, not against its roots (funds for poor countries as a reparation for environmental desasters), as if everybody already internalized that we can't fight it. - One way to see it is that institutions in modern democracies just aren't designed to act on the long term and politicians won't take chances with actions that could damage their popularity. I read interesting proposals to have a new Republic (again French example) with a new Parliament room designed to plan further in the future (as opposed to our current parliaments: Assemblee Nationale which is elected directly by the people and the Senate which is designed as a representation of the more rural territories to put it simply). - Companies communicate a lot on their environment friendly actions but even those that are not simply greenwashing are not enough since the actions taken tend to reduce ecological print by some margin but don't alter the nature of our economical system, which is to keep producing and consuming. Economical growth is still king and governments just can't think without this tool, meaning that Degrowth proponents are always met with contempt or fear. People in the west simply aren't ready to renounce to their lifestyle and in practice the only social movements that are largely repercuted by the media and that matter to politicians are those that demand to defend our consuming power. - With only small adaptations and not a big structural shift, we'll probably burn every single drop of oil in the ground, while being contempt with having a symbolic part of energy being renewable. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!