So, I've been a regular reddit user for several years, and one of the more controversial communities on here is SRS, or ShitRedditSays. It highlights a range of content that is racist, sexist, or generally offensive that is regularly upvoted and validated by significant portions of the reddit community. Things that can and do reach the front page (or are tangentially connected to it through things like the comments of such threads). Now, the largest complaint I see is that the community is a "hate group," which seems a bit silly to me. Who are they discriminating against? White Males? As far as I know, that's what the majority of the community is composed of. Secondly, often times the content they highlight are offensive jokes, and these statements are defended with statements like "its just a joke." This makes the accusation that SRS is a hate group to me even stranger, given that the vast majority of the comments in the comment section tend to be similar jokes, just at the expense of those who mocked the disadvantaged (or and assumed image of them). Can those who like making jokes at the expense of others not take what they dish out? Thirdly, and probably most importantly, SRS is, in my view, a very necessary force of balance. People like to say they are a force of censorship, but I don't agree with that. First and foremost, for all the complaints about brigading, very few of the content they highlight is downvoted into obscurity. Beyond that, Freedom of Speech is only guaranteed by the US Government, but not by private companies like Reddit, or massive populations like Reddit's user base. Being downvoted isn't censorship. You expressed your sentiment, and the community rejected it. Nothing was denied beyond validation. Reddit is an immensely useful medium and interface for connecting to people all over the world, and it receives new users every day. When memes like Opinion Puffin basically degenerate into a way for people to seek validation for racist and sexist beliefs, and this stuff gets upvoted to the front page from being on one of the sites most populated subs, it can give the wrong idea as to what kind of community actually uses this site, or give someone a good reason for not joining, which is sad, because social connection is exactly what Reddit was obviously designed to foster. Anyway, those are my main reasons for my current position. Other stuff may come up in the discussion, but this should be enough to at least get the ball rolling. For the sake of acknowledging the other side of this debate, I do understand they have a history of doxxing that is controversial, but my knowledge of those instances are pretty hazy, so someone more familiar with what happened there can maybe shed some light on it that could change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!