I realize this sounds super obvious, but my point is to include test essays or prompts into this. I feel that when a test includes an essay section, the assignmenttopic should be given at least a day before it's due so students have time to prepare. This isn't like a multiple choice or short answer when there is only one correct answer that they can look up on the internet, essays are meant to portray a viewpoint where is no correct viewpoint. If students are given an essay against their viewpoint, then they have time to gather enough reasons to successfully play devils advocate. With at least a day, they can look up things to support their position and let them write a better essay Sometimes students are slow at brainstorming and can't think of what to write, but are still good at writing and with the current system, they will be penalized for something relatively irrelevant to the skill tested. Sometimes with a response to a reading, students simply do not have enough time to read the entire section because they are slow readers. Reading is already a section in learning separate from writing, and students good at writing should not get a bad grade, once again, for something fairly irrelevant to the skill tested. Writing grades should be based on the quality of writing, not the ability to write a good essay within an hour. edit-Hi! Thank you all for your interesting points! But to be honest I haven't seen one argument that has really come close to changing my view. If I see a new point, I'll debate it, but I've been repeating the same points over and over to different people and I just don't see it going anywhere. Although I haven't changed my view, I think it's important for anyone to seeing opposing arguments. So I think I'll stop answering now. Once again, Thank you for responding! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!