It bothers me that anytime I wasn't too talk about this in public or with friends, I'm viewed as a monster. I find great value in mankind as a whole but very little value in most of its individual parts. I know this will be a terrible analogy but it works in my head. Humans are like self aware grape vines. Most grapes have very little actual value but some grapes have a lot of value. We don't need to go around and kill all the grape vines that don't have much value, their fruits can still put an occasional smile someone's face and that has some value. Let's say I have a grape vine, I enjoy is fruits but my vine gets sick so I spend time and energy to repair it but it dies anyway. I am sad. The same thing happens to a neighbor but I am not sad for their lost, in fact I don't even know about their loss. But the vine that makes the best wine in the world dies. I am sad and so are most people. There are people who make the world a better place for everyone, there are those who make the world a worse place for everybody and there are the rest of us who make the a little better and a little worse. I have very concern about most death and I believe that most people feel this way but are unwilling to admit it. A few years ago a childhood bully killed himself and I was around a lot of people when I found out. My immediate reaction was one of great joy. This really put a lot of people off, but thinking that this guy isn't around anymore still puts a smile on my face. Just as the death of Robin Williams still makes me sad. But most of us are in the middle somewhere and aren't really worth a second thought. This post is really spurred on my recent event. Someone tried breaking into my house a few nights ago and I posted to Facebook that I am going to look at buying a gun. Most comments were "what if you kill somebody" or "what if you kill yourself." I'm not sure how to respond to this other then say "Yeah so what" I'm not sure why this is even a thing. Do I have to explain that's what guns are for? Or that most human life doesn't really hold that much value? Why should I be concerned? After putting some thought into it, it would seem to me that harming someone and not actually killing them would be a cruller thing to do. What an I missing?