By "aristocracy" I mean the dictionary definition of rule by a small privileged class. Obviously this includes medieval Europe, but it could also mean someplace like modern Russia or even the United States Congress if you want to be cynical. For the purpose of this CMV I'll include monarchies, since they usually had a noble class. Basically I think aristocracies are inherently evil and unjust because they carry the assumption some people are "better" than others merely by virtue of birthright, which is such an arbitrary distinction as to be meaningless. Choosing rulers for more substantial reasons like their skill in a particular area or because the people elect them are fine in my view, because that way rulers are externally validated. An aristocracy is essentially self-validating and its sole function of existence is to perpetuate itself, often by preying on the common people. I think this is obvious from medieval wars, war was "the sport of kings" and the rulers could send their people off to fight and die for pointless petty reasons, even for personal offenses against the king by another king. So essentially aristocrats considered their personal honor more important than the lives of their subjects. The common people were nothing more than tools to be used and disposed of as seen fit (I think that's the number one reason I hold this view). Nobles dined lavishly while peasants starved in the streets, and if an army invaded they'd butcher everyone and claim the city for their king. Even during World War I, I bet the sons of the European rulers weren't out fighting on the front and were conveniently exempt from wartime rationing. I may be wrong but that whole war was essentially a personal squabble between kings that killed millions and wrecked a whole continent. I'm not saying all aristocrats were evil people, there could have been decent kings and nobles, but they were still part of an unjust system. Not to mention getting good rulers was completely up to chance and there was no way to remove them except to fight a bloody war (like the War of the Roses) to put some other corrupt guy on the throne. Royal courts were similar too. They're romanticized today, but all they were was a bunch of fancily-dressed people spending more time bickering with each other than working for the good of the people, and even doing that was dependent on getting the king's favor. Modern democracy is by no means perfect, there's still aristocratic relics like considering the rulers to be "above" the common peoplethe United Nations will happily deal with mass-murdering warlords and host them at fancy international conferences, and places like Switzerland will gleefully look the other way and hide their blood money. It is better though; people can protest wars started by their governments, whereas in the past the king would just have them executed or sent off as cannon fodder. Not to mention the whole "government of the people, by the people, and for the people" thing, the complete opposite of aristocracy. At least aristocratic Presidents don't have life terms. I'm sorry if I'm being hyperbolic or melodramatic, one reason why I want my view changed is to remove these strong feelings. I think everything I talked about was at least possible for aristocratic rulers to do, even if they didn't do it very often. I simply do not understand people who find royalty or nobility romantic. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!