Being a member of the armed forces or military is marketed as the highest honor. Serving your country is considered heroic and brave. People admire and look up to military personnel whether it be Navy, Army, Marines, etc. However, people look at police as "pigs" and "scum." Especially now with the issues surrounding officers shooting unarmed people. I can't quite seem to grasp why they are treated so differently from people who serve in the military. I have some theories though. 1. Military personnel typically perform their duties out of sight. We may not be aware of any corruption or shameful practices (Though there have been headlines such as soldiers peeing on corpses and taking photos with them). To our understanding they fight terrorists and bad guys. We also do not necessarily understand what they do. 2. Police perform their duties domestically. They are in our neighborhoods. However, we do not look at them as enforcers of the law. We look at them as men and women who are out to violate our rights and regulate our conduct unfairly. All the negative media attention lately has created this idea that all police forces are entirely corrupt and immoral. This is plainly untrue. At the end of the day, police put on uniforms just like the military men do. As do firefighters, EMT workers, etc. When someone robs your home, the police are the ones who will respond and help you. When there is a man shooting up a mall, the police are the ones who will risk their lives to subdue the suspect. When there is a case of domestic violence, the police show up to intervene. When there is a call about a drunk driver or a public disturbance, the police are there to mediate the issue. When there is a missing person or a murder case, the police are out there looking for answers. Police risk their lives everyday and yet they do not receive nearly as much respect as military personnel. Someone explain to me why they are unworthy of the same respect or provide me some examples why the military should be more glorified. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!