Example: "Inventory management, good SENCE of general maintenance, great listener and quick learner." I realize we all make mistakes and typos, but I feel like if you can't get a permanent document, such as your resume, 100 correctly spelled then you're not worth hiring. If you aren't a great speller get somebody to spellcheck it for you. It's amazing that 80 of the resumes that I've reviewed have a spelling mistake, grammar mistake (i.e. mixing tenses), or punctual mistake. This is not a position that requires a great deal of writing. It is a retail sales associate position for a cellular phone store, but attention to detail is pretty important to me for this position. If you are trying to impress a potential employer and you make a mistake that is easily avoided, such as spelling or grammar, how can you be trusted with a customer every day when you have to think on the fly? CMV Edit: Some people are pointing out grammatical mistakes in my writing. This is not a resume. This is a public forum and I'm not going to put the same time into a post as I would on my own professional resume. I also see many people saying that detail-oriented people are not necessarily good sales people and vice versa. This is true, but for this job specifically there is a lot of paperwork, promotions, and details in which a small mistake can be costly. My original post didn't really convey that, and that lead to a lot of assumptions. That was my fault for being ambiguous in this specific position. Having said that, for those of you that say one small mistake should not automatically disqualify a candidate because I could lose some great potential employees, I might be able to be talked into that just because I don't want to lose a potential good employee. However, it still doesn't change the fact that this is not a pop quiz. You have all the time in the world to make it perfect. I think people are missing my point. I'm not penalizing someone for not being good at spelling or using proper grammar. I'm penalizing them for not getting help to correct it. I have used the term detail-oriented, but perhaps professionalism might have fit better. You don't have to have a great grasp of the the English language to get help from someone that does. Some have said that not everyone has someone to proof-read his resume. To me that is a poor excuse. Teachers, former teachers, friends, family, or coworkers could do that. You don't necessarily have to have a highly qualified person to catch a simple mistake. If that's not an option, there are online resources. I think most of these mistakes are out of laziness to have someone else look over his resume. Edit 2: Have I changed any of YOUR views or do you think I'm just as off my rocker as you did coming into this thread? I've seen some valid points, but to me it seems to boil down to "How important really is a typo in a job that doesn't require good spelling? So important that you're willing to miss out on potential great employees?" My short answer would be that if you took the time to read the job description, apply to it, and if you REALLY want a job, you should have enough dedication to nail the things you can control, such as your resume (especially if you're using the same resume to apply to multiple jobs). Bedtime, I will continue in the morning. Edit 3: There are some assumptions being made that I'd like to clarify. This position, while it is labeled as a retail sales position, is much more than just selling product. There is a great deal to know about the back-end systems such as the activation portal, the POS system, shipping processes procedures, promotional details, situational selling or problem-solving, record management, etc. If this were just a "sell product X and ring it up" with a few extra duties, I would be much more inclined to agree with most of you. When you deal with contracts, service terms, record systems, etc. it becomes much more hairy. Also, I did not previously mention, but this is my store. If someone screws up, it can be very costly. For example, if someone makes a mistake by not properly activating a phone before the customer leaves, it can be a 700 mistake. I need to know that the employee is capable of paying attention to detail to avoid costly errors. I understand that perfect spelling is not a perfect indicator of this quality, but I think it's a better indicator then someone TELLING me that they pay attention to detail. Anybody can make that claim. I'd also like to add that I once ignored a resume with more than one spelling error and very poor formatting. He later came into the store to inquire about his resume. I gave him an interview on the spot because even though he made some avoidable mistakes, he took the time to follow up and inquire. This is important in this position because in a sense, he corrected his own mistake. Not literally by editing the resume, but he gained back my confidence by essentially saying, "Was my resume to your satisfaction? Is there anything else I can do to get an interview?" So I guess I'd like to amend my CMV to "I won't hire someone with a misspelling on his resume... unless he redeems himself in some way or I have a shallow pool to pick from and I have to choose someone" (That's kind of a wordy title though) Edit 4: uThynne articulates better than what I probably have about the industry. Keep in mind that I am a small business owner of this store. telco can be quite different from other retail due to the requirement of employees to enter contracts with customers on behalf of the company. If you were to hire someone who would regularly mess this up it could get VERY expensive for the store and the greater company; might as well hire someone who cares enough to spell check their resume. Final Edit: I don't see any new submissions coming in, so I will close with this. I don't think that my stance has changed substantially. However, by the definition of my post title, my view HAS changed. The best point that I've seen is that a mistake could have been made that would not be caught by spell check (or changed automatically by spell check) or even by another set of eyes. Even proof readers make mistakes, so I can understand ONE mistake. I still would not consider reviewing a resume with multiple mistakes for the reasons that I've already given. Many of you will disagree with my view, and that's ok. That's the beauty of freedom, we are allowed to disagree. For those of you that took the time to respectfully write well thought out ideas to change my view, I thank you. I think I read almost every single reply of the 400 or so comments. I'm sorry I couldn't reply to every single one, but I did try to reply to as many as I could. I found the whole process very educational and entertaining. This was my first time doing one of these and I learned a lot. For the very few that resorted to blame, cursing, or name-calling, grow up.