It seems to me that white people and Western culture in a broader sense, are targeted with genocide. This is because white people and the Western culture they are born into are seen as a hostile element by two groups, namely, Marxists and Islamists. The success of Marxist as well as Islamist ideology both depend on a lack of social cohesion among white people and a lack of interest and pride in white culture. I'll first explain the hostility of Marxists. A popular tendency among Marxists is third worldism. Third worldists see the political division between the first world and the third world as being of primary importance. Third worldist thought reinterprets the Western world as a global bourgeois class, with non-white people in third world countries being a global oppressed proletariat. An example of this trend is [Noel Ignatiev] and his "race traitor magazine." Ignatiev sees white privilege as being the cause of a lack of socialist consciousness among working class people in the United States. White working class people in the United States have no interest in Marxism, because they already enjoy a privileged position despite being part of the working class. This is made possible by exploiting non-white people. This is also known as the [labor aristocracy] , as formulated by Lenin originally. The labor aristocracy is seen as the white working class that is bribed by a white bourgeoisie by being given the spoils of third world exploitation. Through this "divide and conquer" mentality, the bourgeoisie can continue to rule unopposed as white people will never gain a sense of class consciousness. The solution to this status quo that prevents a global proletarian revolution is also given by Noel Ignatiev. Ignatiev suggests that we should [Abolish the white race, by any means necessary] . This type of mentality is popular among many academic Marxist types. Many colleges now teach a course referred to as "whiteness studies." As David Horowitz puts it: "Black studies celebrates blackness, Chicano studies celebrates Chicanos, women's studies celebrates women, and white studies attacks white people as evil." These type of programs are increasingly popular in colleges and white people are increasingly taught that they have no shared culture, but only a type of unique privilege in society as a kind of new aristocracy that benefits from being white. In some ways, this interpretation of white people as a global bourgeoisie is comparable to the vision the Nazi's had of the Jews during World War II. The national socialists were convinced that Jewish success was the product of Jewish exploitation of non-Jews. Jews were seen as preferentially hiring other Jews and helping each other rise to high places in business. In addition, they were believed to use the banking system to financially enslave non-Jews. Thus the Nazi's sought to gather all Jews and send them to some place where they could be kept a close watch on. When it became apparent that Hitler would not win the war, the plan changed to a policy of immediate extermination. This is in some aspects comparable to the modern day perception of white people. White people's success is not seen as due to white culture, but rather the result of white people's conspiracy against non-whites. White people are seen as preferentially hiring other white people and helping each other rise to high positions in business. In addition, it's popularly believed that white people and white countries use a predatory lending system to financially enslave third world countries through the IMF and the World Bank, while giving subprime mortgages to non-white people. Just as the National Socialists turned a blind eye to Jews long history of success in philosophy, science and arts, Marxists prefer to turn a blind eye to white people's long history of success in philosophy, science and arts. Just as National Socialists had no interest in teaching German schoolchildren about the success of Spinoza, Maimonides or Benjamin Disraeli and their contributions to Western civilization, modern day left wing college professors have no desire to teach anyone about any of the great humanitarian accomplishments by white people. White people discovered the AIDS virus and came up with a treatment to this disease. White people donate billions every year to charitable organizations that predominantly help non-whites. I'm hard pressed to come up with an example of organizations for white people donated to predominantly by non-white people. Consider that we are taught a long history of racism and slavery for which white people are perceived to be responsible, but never taught about the British empire's central role in the abolition of slavery. The British empire in an effort to end slavery overthrew the ruler of Lagos and replaced him by a leader who vowed to end slavery. Similarly, [we are never taught that the Islamic world had far more African slaves than the New world.] The reason there are very few black people in the Islamic world today however is because the men were generally castrated. We see movies in which blacks slaughter white slaveholders, but we never see movies in which blacks revolt against Arab slaveholders who castrate them. Similarly, it is rarely if ever mentioned that many Irish people were originally transported to the United States as slaves, or that millions of white people were kidnapped by Arabs and used as slaves. White people are also rarely if ever told about the genocides that were committed against them. Very few white people are aware that most of modern day Turkey used to be populated predominantly by Greeks and Armenians. Very few white people are aware that Genghis Khan exterminated 80 of Persians as well as millions of Slavic people in one of the largest genocides in human history. Instead, modern history lessons teach us a narrative where whites are responsible for most of the world's suffering. The effect this has is to generate a sense of "white guilt," which leads white people to turn a blind eye to the suffering of other white people and to rationalize atrocities committed against the white race. As an example of this, consider that the Islamist Ottoman government committed a genocide against Armenians, Greeks and Assyrians. Most people are aware of the Armenian genocide. What is very rarely if ever discussed however is that Greeks and Assyrians were targeted with genocide as well. A total of 300,000 Assyrians, 1.5 million Armenians and 900.000 Greeks were exterminated by the Ottoman government. Many women on the other hand were not murdered but instead taken as sex slaves by the instigators of this atrocity. Similarly, it is very rarely if ever addressed that South Africa is systematically robbed of its white population. White people have gone from 21.6 of the population in 1904, to 19.3 in 1960, to 8.86 of the South African population in 2011. Many white people immigrate from South Africa, but this does not happen voluntarily. Rather, they are refugees. [At least 20 of murder victims in South Africa are white, despite whites only making up 8.86 of South Africa's population.] [Similarly, in the United States, blacks are 39 times more likely to commit a violent crime against whites than whites against blacks.] Statistics like these are found all across the Western world. In the Netherlands, out of 92 men arrested for forced prostitution of underage girls, 89 were of immigrant background. Sixty percent of these immigrants were of Islamic background. Out of 253 of the convicted of street robbery in Rotterdam in 2001, only two individuals were found to be native Dutch people. Hence, immigrants represented more than 99 of all people convicted of street robbery. Since immigration began, the Netherlands has seen an increase in the murder rate. The murder rate increased from a low of about 0.3 per 100.000 in the 1950's to a high of 1.3 per 100.000 in the 1990's, representing a more than quadrupling in the number of murders per capita. In addition, the murder rate would likely have been even higher today if it weren't for improvements in our medical system, which allow many people now to survive who would otherwise have died. A study done into gang rapists found that of 91 gang rapists studied in the Netherlands, two thirds were of immigrant background. In contrast, three quarters of the victims were native Dutch girls. The average age of perpetrators was 14 years. The average age of victims was 13 years. It is estimated that 200 boys participate in gang rape in the Netherlands every year. It is suspected that the number may lie far higher, as many victims are unwilling to report to the police. Whites are afraid of speaking out about issues that affect them, because they are told that to do so is racism. Instead they are told to believe that they are wealthy and "privileged." They are told that being born white is the best thing that ever happened to them and anyone who argues that whites are persecuted is a "racist," which is a kind of word reserved for subhuman creatures whose death we are taught to celebrate. This is not an exaggeration. As an example, [consider Oprah Winfrey, who argues that old racists "just need to die. [Continued here.]