Okay, bear with me on this one, because my boyfriend and I just finished and it's a bit train of thought. When season 2 of House of Cards was announced, it was commonly thought this would be the last season because both Kevin Spacey and Robin Wright wanted to [continue making movies] . Much to our surprise, season 3 was recently secured. I recently watched season 2 and it was very well done. I'm extremely happy. I think there are a few problems with the narrative, namely that it seems like a few subplots were force-fed to remain 'loose ends' for the benefit of season 3. Take, for example, Rachel Posner's killing of Doug: probably there as a potential seed for Frank's downfall as Doug traces back to Frank. I say this because the only complaints I have stem from what I think is the writers suddenly having to scramble for plot devices and narratives that could carry into a next season when it looks a lot like it was supposed to conclude at season 2. I think this includes the (imo) tenuous narrative involving the hacker whose role otherwise would have been consumed by Lucas' own downfall and has instead been drawn out. So, to avoid too much background, here's the crux of the issue: The main train of the series has been directed towards Frank's machinations towards power, which he has now retained. It would be possible to change this proactive narrative into a reactive one of retaining power, maybe even nursed through several seasons. However, I think it would be better for it to end at season 3 with a kind of poetic tragedy where Frank realizes that what ultimately made him happy was the pursuit of that power, the political intrigue and machinations behind it, and the sense of influence he had in pursuit of his goal as president. To use an analogy, much like a rogue being put in the position of a tank except, instead of out of his element in terms of attributes, in terms of personality and desire. He effectively loses his sense of self. I think it feeds into a really dark interpretation of the "pursuit of happiness" that is ironic in that Frank is ultimately less happy achieving his goal than reaching for it, and I also think that the finite timeline gives the writers something concrete to work with instead of having to look for 'outs' in case another season is renewed after 3, thus avoiding the minor grievances I have with season 2. I say "CMV" because I'm not foreclosing the possibility of an amazing reframing of the HoC narrative that might literally blow my mind, but I can't personally foresee it and would like some possible, well-founded grounds for believing otherwise. Therefore, CMV.