I doubt this will happen, but just to be safe: possible spoilers for What We Do In The Shadows and probably any other vampire flickbook. My friend and I watched WWDITS over the weekend, which is a mocumentary about life as a vampire in 2015 (it's awesome and you should see it.) We ended up having a conversation about the merits of being a vampire. In a lot of narratives, there's an attempt - almost a strain - to concoct some kind of personal or emotional dilemma the vampire faces (e.g., a reason for them to be unhappy.) Maybe they miss their family or the sunlight. Similarly, people actively avoid becoming a vampire, even entirely without religious motivation; it's just taken as a given that vampirism is bad. On the whole, though, being a vampire sounds awesome. You get some mix of (or maybe even all of) the following: - Super speed. - Super strength. - Hypnosis. - Shape-shifting. - Immortality. - A very small circle of weakness: garlic, sunlight, religious iconography. To be sure, there are some things that would suck. Not being able to go out during the day would be frustrating but doable and one can get acclimated. Having to kill people to get blood would be a hurdle, but in this day in age you could probably find easy, voluntary access to blood (see: blood banks, weirdos on Craigs list.) You'd have an adjustment period when everyone you know starts to die, but I do think you'd get used to it and it would become a minor encumbrance in contrast to a lengthy list of pros (edit: for those of you who have read Neil Gaiman's Sandman, I think his portrayal of a human being thrust into immortality is probably accurate.) Immortality in particular seems like the biggest boon. Lifetimes to invest and make money, try new jobs, specialize in different areas, meet new people, travel, etc. Your food source is conceivably right at your finger tips and not exactly on their toes when it comes to the vampire predator. If revealed, you might become marginalized (as seen in True Blood) but, if I'm being completely honest, I don't know why a super fast, super strong, immortal creature would care at all about what those people think. More over, since you literally have all the time in the world, you can wait for political change to the extent you do care. I can see two situations where it might suck: - You get turned a really young kid or really old adult. - You get turned when you have just started aare mid-family. But these strike me as marginal. I doubt vampires would go around changing children on purpose, and I do think people would get over their first families in the long-term, especially as they cyclically lose people in their lives. It's possible I'm underestimating the extent to which grief can linger, but I don't think so. I just don't see the point behind the ennui and morose for vampirism. In the big picture, why are Bill (True Blood) and Edward (Twilight) so sad and brooding? If the option existed, I'd almost certainly hope to become a vampire. EDIT: I awarded a few deltas. I'm not sure how much longer I'll be around (4:00 pm EST right now) but I'll try to respond to what I can when I get home later. - A delta for uzevlovaci for [drawing comparisons] between specific characters' lamentations and modern day parallels (e.g., the way we complain about "first world problems. - A delta for uDHCKris for the What about your soul" argument] , which is actually more potent than I originally realized, not being especially religious myself. - A delta for udepricatedzero, who basically did a [taxonomy of vampire fiction] to illustrate how the costbenefits of being a vampire can change based upon personality and characterization. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!