Yes, I searched. I'm going to defend this position much better than the person who did this about a year ago. Anyways, you may or may not have heard the news that MTV is bringing back Teen Mom with same four young women (now early 20s) who were first featured. This new season is nothing but a glamorization of teen pregnancy. I'm not saying they were TRYING TO, but Teen Mom did in fact glamorize teen pregnancy. The fact of the matter was the girls were celebrities. In its prime the show was the highest rated cable show out there second only to Jersey Shore. [This hollywood gossip site link proves to points] : 1. they're not just documentary subjects, they're stars. 2. they're paid a lot. and a big paycheck is glamourous. And not all their income was from MTV. Many people say "It showed how awful their lives were as they tried putting their life back together, nothing about it was glamorous! People who think its glamorous must not watch the show" Are you kidding me? It did not show the real lives of teen moms, because most teen moms don't have 10,000episode paychecks. I remember one story was about a girl being mad about her husband dropping 45,000 a brand new truck.... what 20 year old buys a brand new Silverado with cash? the ones with large TV salaries. Another season chronicled the story of a Farrah, hiring full time babysitters for her daughter and getting a boob job. I swear about half the drama on teen mom had nothing to do with teen pregnancy. I remember watching all that crap about Janelle stealing her mom's credit card and absconding with her homeless boyfriend. Her mom kicked her out and let her back time and time again. I remember another girl in South Dakota had her rich dentist father paying for everything including her rent on her own house. 16 and Pregnant was a one episode thing, that showed the true hardship. But Teen Mom followed the same girls for years. That's when it started doing more harm than good. You're ignoring reality if you think there aren'tweren't girls getting pregnant on purpose for a shot (albeit slim) at fame. What they should have done was come to the hood in Detroit and show some real teenage moms. I'm talking a 16 year old girl living with her two children in the same house as 8 other children. 11 kids, one adult, one bathroom, no car, and you're lucky if your "monthly" food stamps last two weeks. You walk in the door at night and see 9 kids sleeping on the living room floor and they're using the oven to heat the whole house. That's what real teen mom life is really about. Not botched plastic surgery. Now they're bringing the show back, not with actual teen moms, but with the same girls from the original series who are now adults. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!