I feel that caffeinated soft drinks are more harmful than e-cigarettes, and yet they continue to be sold to and marketed to minors. Caffeine is an addictive substance, and the high fructose corn syrup that is so common in soft drinks can contribute to many long-term health problems including tooth decay, obesity, heart disease, liver failure, and diabetes. There is evidence to show that high fructose corn syrup is also an addictive substance. And the artificial sweeteners that can be used in its stead also come with their host of problems. Along with all the alarmist news stories about e-cigarette use increasing among high school students, I feel that the public should be every bit as outraged by products like Mountain Dew and Coca Cola being marketed to children and teenagers. The only active substances in the liquid used in an e-cigarette are nicotine, propylene glycol, vegetable glycerine and flavour extracts. Propylene glycol and vegetable glycerine are all approved for public consumption by the FDA and are commonly used as food additives. Propylene glycol is commonly used in ice cream to keep it from going hard. The temperatures used in vaporizing the e-liquid are only enough to cause a phase change and far too low to cause combustion, which is where most of the harmful chemicals are formed when smoking tobacco. The only reason why e-cigarettes are banned from sale to minors is due to the continuing stigma from the risks of smoking tobacco. Change my view: If we allow the sale of caffeinated soft drinks to minors, we should also allow the sale of e-cigarettes. And if we restrict one, we should then restrict the other. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!