I want to credit uupvotz4u for helping me form this opinion during my last cmv. I think that average relationships that we are all taught as norm and expect having, create an often toxic situation where it seems very hard for the two partners to be happy together. We have many relationships throughout our lives that are meaningful, fulfilling and satisfying. Somehow though, the idea that when a relationship involves sex makes it something different and suddenly there are many expectations and rules put upon the romantic partners almost instantaneously by both themselves and the outsiders. Main issues are this: 1. A type of life merge is created or expected to happen that hinders individuality and causes every action from one partner to affect the other. This leads to constant compromise and sacrifice, as well as the expectation for both, even when it comes to very personal things. While this is occasional part of every relationship to an extent, a long time of doing this with one person creates resentment. Another question is, how can someone have your best interests in mind when every choice you make is expected to affect them directly. 2. Only in romantic relationship does suddenly one person become the only source of several things infinitely significant for mental health and wellbeing. The burden one person has to keep the other happy is huge, as it is understandable that they won't always be able to deliver. When they can't though, the other is stuck as they can't get many needs fulfilled elsewhere. Again, this can cause blaming and hostility on both ends. Being forced to spend so much time with one person as the only provider of many important needs and with the obligation to do the same for them simply leads to the most impossible relationship of all relationships with someone you are supposed to love. I am aware there are few exceptions, but this is the average model, meant to be something the majority is focused on obtaining and I am believe it works for minority, not majority. Most relationships and marriages end with special type of bitterness - how many other relationships with people you honestly enjoyed turn that foul? Even those that work are often presented more as hard work and effort, passion that is dying, love that changed, compromise and sacrifice, rather than something that sounds enjoyable and nice. Which is why i wondered what is the point of preserving something so difficult? Especially compared to drastically different dynamics you experience in friendships. I think people should be more open minded to explore the arrangements that work for them specifically. It is very difficult though to imagine something that deviates too much from this norm, and I think many restraints we have are purely social. I think people tend to try to force this absolute, monogamous relationship type because they see it as the only way to get the affirmation that their partner loves them romantically (whereas including other people or choosing to live apart is seen as a fear of commitment, lesser mutual love), and insist on it more for that validation that any other reason. Also, people tend to not overly question some fundamental things, so they think this is a necessary evolution of genuine love or attraction, just to find themselves miserable. I can imagine polyamory isn't for everyone either, but these are some things that got me consider it more seriously than ever in the past. Everyone can arrange it the way they want to. There is no model you must follow and love and mutual care is still present just as much. When I thought about it, I could think of scenarios where despite my personality, I would be comfortable with it, in fact how good it could be. We all get competitive, but usually not towards everyone. If you get the validation in the role you are fulfilling to your partner and that isn't threatened by the other, maybe there would be nothing to compete about. I think encouraging people to be open minded this way is positive and can lead to situations that cause great satisfaction for everyone involved. Once the burden is removed from one partner to be everything, and from the other to fully depend on one person, even when some needs still don't get satisfied in one moment, there will be much less tension, expectation and resentment built between the two. People will have more ability to explore parts of themselves that may not be compatible with only one person, which is positive for personal growth. People will understand their partners needs and see them more as people and friends than the keepers of their happiness. People will be overall happier and more satisfied with much nicer and less toxic mutual relationships and more individuality and choice. This cmv was also a product of my previous one where I was debating how no one should ever settle in a relationship. Many people were arguing that having a relationship is too important to pass it due to not finding a perfect person for you, which I understand is both difficult and almost impossible for many people. I think in a non typical relationship setting you are able to fully enjoy an individual even when they don't match you in every way (and due to personal complexity it can be impossible to even do so since there will always be contrasting needs etc) and enjoy the positive thing about having relationships - intimacy, getting to know the other person, caring, sex... without subjecting your life to someone in a way that you are both bound to disappoint and miss out. EDIT: One of the reasons I started this CMV is because I myself am totally new to taking the concept of polyamory seriously, and wanted to go through a discussion to help me form my own ideas better. The discussion here is really good and some users with more experience have made a much better job than me in elaborating on this. I have to say I feel more strongly about my initial post after all the responses, especially those from the people opposing this. I'll try to address some main points: 1. I find it confusing that same people who keep pointing out how hard you have to work and compromise in your standard monogamy at the same time almost irrationally reject the idea of any form of acceptance of their partner having sex outside the relationship. I don't understand why of all things humans do together sex seems to be the only way to prove trust and loyalty. If possible jealousy is the only problem for poly relationships, I don't see why that can't be worked out the same way all the other problems could - why is a sacrifice for your partner by not having sex "good" but the idea of being ok with your partner having sex with someone else totally impossible? There is definitely a lot of irrationality with people and the issue of sex. I just want to point out that monogamous relationships also have huge problems with jealousy, end because of cheating, and still don't ensure that partners don't sexually desire other peoplesexual acts. Even if being poly isn't for you, I see that greater lifestyle acceptance can only lead to more sexual honesty between the partners, because at this point jealousy in mono relationships is a very dangerous thing and I often see it making people entitled to dictate their partners lives. Living in fear and restraint isn't that great - being open about this is. Sex isn't a moral issue, it's a normal human need. 2. Bringing up kids into this - I don't think they are relevant, however I don't see why a poly relationship would be any less stable than a traditional marriage that mostly still ends up with divorce or unhappiness. There is contraception and abortions, and I assume if people plan to have a child and are good parents, their relationship status shouldn't be relevant. In theory, even if more people are included and support this, the better for the kids - but of course this is totally individual. I am talking about personal and relationship happiness and I don;t think marriages "for the kids" have that anyway, so I am not interested in this point 3. STD's. The point I was trying to explain is that a poly person doesn't necessarily have more partners than your socially accepted single - dating - LTR - maybe single again person. Whether you search for mono relationship and only engage with those, you still often end up with a few partners during a longer period of time. This way, you can have them at the same time during the same amount of time. And compared to marriages, like it was already pointed our, cheating often happens and is not discussed. If people in poly relationship had new partners other than the ones already tested etc, they can easily bring that up. Since no one would argue for the sake of only having one partner in your life just based o avoiding STD's, I think it's a weak point considering the magnitude of a satisfying arrangement on personal happiness. There are ways to protect yourself and there is open communication on sex. 4. People who talk about polygyny and regressive systems of past or socially underdeveloped societies of today are also missing the point. Why would you possibly assume that women in a society based on equality like in the west would ever agree to be monogamous wives to a polygamous husband? We are talking about something new here, a new model built on desires and lifestyle of people in an equal society focused on individualism and personal happiness. As many have pointed out, throughout history that was not the point of marriage - point was to further the family line (and monogamy was mostly restricted to women anyway, how successfully I don't know) and divide labor. It was 100 for the kids and family and 0 for something as unimportant as personal happiness. Today we live in a very different society where we look for love, understanding, sexual fulfillment and happiness from our relationships but the old model is still deeply ingrained in our society. That doesn't prove it works best - in fact we can all clearly see it doesn't. My point of this cmv was that in order to find happiness in relationships in accordance to modern mentality, we need to think about what works for us as individuals and be open to different ideas, whether within monogamy or a type of poly relationship (which really provides many possibilities) rather than keep forcing the idea that love is impossible outside monogamy and that there is no greater betrayal than to have sex with someone else (while at the same time wanting to is fine.) In the end it all comes down to sex. I'm not asking everyone to turn poly, but can we at least acknowledge that there is something weird about the fact that we can have conversations with other people without the idea they take from the joy of talking to one specific person, we can share activities, we can share emotions,... but one physical act automatically ruins trust, makes you evil, and destroys everything you have with one person. It's also funny how many things we are encouraged to let go of, forgive or compromise to preserve a relationship, but even considering having sex outside of it is the worst thing a human can do. It looks to me like polyamorous relationships are actually taking control over that irrational fear and jealousy that like I said, exists just as much in monogamy, by removing the taboo and making it possible for partners to discuss sex as just another of many important issues and human needs. Since you can't make yourself and your partner lose sexual desires in a mono relationship anyway (and somehow the abstinence becomes some, in my opinion immature, proof of love - "look I am not doing what I want because of you, you can at least make them something that can be addressed and satisfied normally and not give them absolute value. EDIT 2: Sorry for a lot of text. I know i repeat myself a lot and am not the most eloquent in expressing this view, partially because of my own flaws and partially because this is the first time I am defending it.