I believe the US political situation has degenerated to a point where is is no longer reasonable to trust your fate as a citizen to it or to anyone involved with it. Candidates are overwhelmingly wealthy, white, and male with no acknowledgement of where the ludicrous sums of money spent on and required by political campaigns actually comes from. The naked bribery that goes basically un-checked in the form of political contributions to campaigns by private industry to secure favorable treatment and the pipeline of jobs between government and powerful private industry doesn't help either. Due to [gerrymandering] , [the electoral college] , and the fact that the overwhelming majority of candidates for political office are (or at least act) virtually the same except for a handful of wedge issues (gay marriage, abortion, gun rights, etc) I don't feel my vote or that voting in general can have a real, meaningful impact in the system for good or for ill. It is impossible to vote against the interests of groups you don't want in power because the people that bankroll them do so for all sides. The people in office or that I'm able to vote for don't represent me as a citizen, they don't represent the views most of the people around me hold nor do they seem particularly interested in them except when it comes time to campaign. The system feels beyond reform and that nobody is offering or is capable of making effective, positive changes to the system. The government is set up for and by those with money and power to the exclusion of the rest of society, with police used as a force to keep the average people in line between meaningless election days. We've divided into two parties (both of which are essentially the same) both of which have a near total lock on the electoral system, making it impossible for any third parties or non-mainstream candidates to rise. On top of all that, I run into people who are enthusiastic participants that either don't seem to see or just completely ignore all this. They recycle bumpersticker slogans like "It's your duty to vote" or "You definitely wont have an impact if you don't vote." While very effective at selling pieces of paper with one very sticky side, these don't mean a whole lot in reality and most of the arguments I've seen for participation basically boil down to that or similar strains of thought. The system itself is virulently opposed to virtually any kind of reform or positive change, even when it can be clearly demonstrated that there are grievous flaws in the way things are done. Even [basic changes] that most of the rest of us would agree are good ideas get swept aside. I have lost all faith in the US political system and thus my desire to participate in it.