A recent case that has been making headlines in Canada is one of a [woman who parked on a road] without even putting hazard lights on, resulting in the deaths of two people when a motorcyclist crashed into the back of her car. The charges against her are criminal negligence causing death and dangerous driving causing death. These charges are considered more severe because they resulted in death. Dangerous driving in which no injury occurs [has a maximum sentence of 5 years] while dangerous driving causing death has a maximum sentence of 14 years (from the first link). However, from the perspective of the person committing the crime, there is no difference between these two circumstances. If nobody happened to drive into the car of the woman in the news story, she would be facing less serious charges. Yet, for the exact same actions (on her part), she's facing very serious charges simply because people died. I don't see why causing injury or death makes a crime more or less severe when the intent is unchanged. Obviously the intent will affect the sentencing of this woman, but why should the charges be any different? A similar argument can be made about drunk driving. Driving drunk is a serious crime. Yet, (in my province, for example) a first time drunk driver will typically face a fine and driving suspension. If they an unlucky person happens to cross the street in front of this driver, they could instead be looking at up to life time imprisonment. In each case, the drunk driver made the same, reckless choice of driving drunk, but an accidental death (which could just as easily happen to anyone who drives drunk) makes one situation worse (in terms of criminal charges). So why should some people get off easily (or get punished more severely) because of accidental deaths that occurred when they committed a crime? EDIT: To elaborate on my exact views, I believe that the woman in this case should be charged with some type of dangerous driving charge and that drunk driving should be punished more severely, as it is an easily preventable decision that has a greatly increased chance of killing or injuring someone (to the point that I'd argue that getting behind the wheel while drunk is akin to considering killing people). Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!