Please do not comment if you do not have a reasonable knowledge of UK politics. I am asking specifically about the UK. Every time I post something political people try to [compare the situation] I am describing to their own country. This is nothing against America or anywhere else but if the subject of a discussion is a particular country I would expect points about other countries to be relevant and concise, which is almost never the case. I do not insult anyone by extrapolating the situation in my country to theirs; please do the same. Under New Labour and Blair the Labour Party moved significantly to the right as a result of Thatcher and Major's resounding electoral success. This was enshrined with the scrapping of Clause IV in 1995. Since New Labour, Labour has not been a social democratic party. I believe that Labour could have have remained a true left wing party and still have enjoyed electoral success. Labour gained a majority of 179 seats, a natural reaction to 18 years of Conservative rule. I don't doubt that New Labour helped them gain this massive majority; there is after all something to be said for Thatcher and Major winning 4 consecutive elections. However, I think that Labour could have stuck with their social democratic roots and still have gained a majority. Even from those on the left of Labour, New Labour is often defended as having been necessary for the party to regain its electability (which it did, obviously). I don't think this was the case. In any two party system the pendulum eventually swings back; it is very unlikely that all 179 of those seat gains were a result of New Labour. With New Labour the party abandoned its core voter base and is now seeing the consequences of that with UKIP's success among the working class. The question I am concerned with is not the morality of New Labour, it is its necessity. Could Labour have won 3 consecutive elections without New Labour? Perhaps. Could they have won one and maybe two? I think they would have. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!