Education is a hugely important part of a society. Not only is it important for personal and individual economic and societal success, but for the future of the environment, the economy, science, and technology. However, particularly in the UK (where I am from), we have a lot of educational problems. I know it is not unique to this country, though, as it got to the point where The Onion wrote an article about an 8th grade maths prodigee, who was going so far as to... correctly solve 8th grade maths problems! Furthermore, if we view it as an abstract and through the scope of an individual's existence, it is not at all under their control into which family they were born. Therefore, if we assume education is important and essential, they have no reason to not receive equally (great) education. Obviously, this is not going to happen for practical reasons, but the fact that there are such discrepancies, particularly between the state and private sector, in such an area of obvious importance, should clearly signal to us that we must do something and reform our education system. And whilst all of this is going on, Harvard (for example) gets donations as large as 350 million ! Whilst it is arguable that every individual has the right to put money where they want it to go, and Harvard may have hugely helped this individual to succeed, I believe that what they are doing by donating is essentially saying: "I believe I got to where I am today due to the fact that I received a great education from Harvard. As you gave me this great education, I want to give money back to you. Furthermore, I want to give it to others, so they can continue to be educated in this brilliant establishment." In reality, if they are so grateful for their education, they should be sending some of that to where education is not good, so that people can at least receive education even partly closer to what they received. Of course, for selfish reasons, most people will not do this. Therefore, I believe the government should intervene. Also, in the UK, you have areas (such as Kensington) occupied by rich individuals, where the state schools, often fuelled by private donations, do very well and where great state education is arguably needed the least. On the other hand, there are poorer areas where there are struggling state schools. This policy would make donations to educational establishments above a certain level (e.g. 1000) that are above the average, or perhaps in the top quartile (measured by school inspections, results, andor other metrics) taxed. I suggest a high tax rate of around 50. 50 of the donation would go to the educational establishment, and the other 50 would go to schools below the average (or maybe in the lowest quartile). So how exactly would this work? 1) School inspections and other metrics would be used to identify schools and place them on a chart for various measures (e.g. student results, teaching quality, pastoral care...) 2) When a donation of (for example) over 1000 is made to an establishment above the average, it must (by law) be reported. 3) Every so often (weekly, monthly, or quarterly, depending on establishment and volume of donations) 4) 50 (or whatever the tax rate may be) of those donations are split up into 'chunks' of, for example 500 or 1000. 5) All educational establishments below the average would be automatically entered into a raffle of sorts, but a biased one, whereby the worse-off schools would get more entries. I will explain why below 6) The winners would be sent 'chunks', and then would be inspected on how they were used, with raffleother penalties had the funds been used inefficiently or wastefully. So why a raffle: the raffle brings accountability, as well as extra privilege to certain establishments. This is a privilege that must be used and there would be (as mentioned above) safeguards in place to stop it from being abused. Because of this extra, it would not have to go through the bureaucracy of the state system, which causes problems and uses complex legislature to often produce inefficient outcomes. The raffle system ensures that money goes to the establishments it needs to, and this is definitely a good thing! This is just an idea in the making and I am willing to have my view changed or slightly altered with details. Now for some responses to replies I expect: "It's their money. They should be allowed to do what they want with it" - It's the education of our next generation, facing global crises, and underfunded schools, where others are receiving HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS, that we should control. Of course it has this side-effect, but things need to be put in perspective. Virtually no-one would seriously go about offering the 'my money' argument to justify zero taxes, ever, because they at least somewhat understand the importance of some sort of redistribution, however minimal it may be. "There are going to be loopholes" - We will do our best for there to not be (m) any, and we will try to close them should they emerge. In the worst case, the money made would still make a difference, even if there were a few people making secret donations or whatever. "This will be unpopular" - Surprise, surprise:) This is a CMV, and I use the word 'should'. I don't know if it ever will come about, and at the moment, I hope it will, but this is simply my belief. Looking forward to you having a go at changing my view:) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!