When I say work I mean having a job. I can't understand this though because it's arbitrary, one's job should not be an indicator of one's worth. Personally I only see a job as a means to an end, the point where one has enough to live comfortably without having to work, depending on what one's definition of comfortable. Unfortunately for me that isn't the case. The end is seen as work itself, regardless of whether or not that work actually benefits the worker or society itself. I can't think of any job that I could ever do that is worth the 40 years I'm expected to do it, my time is much too precious to waste. And that is the expectation, to get a job and keep it until we're old enough to retire, which for most of us won't be until we're 65. This is practically a prison sentence. The worst part of all of it is how systemic it is. Even public schools only mean to train the next generation of employees all while getting the kids out the way so their parents can get to work. All of our social programs being fought against by politicians are ones that make it possible to survive without having a job. It's the reason we spit on the homeless, put the mentally ill in prisons and insane asylums, toss the old in nursing homes, because they can't or won't work. You can argue that we need people to work because... capitalism. Sorry no, not buying it. I have just as many fucks to give about businesses as they give about me, zero. Companies lay off workers all the time, obviously they're not making their big money from consumers or they wouldn't be taking away so much of their buying power. This is a good tagline for my post, "I'm not lazy, I just don't care." That sums it up right there. I don't care that I'm not living up to society's standards of success, fuck society. I don't care how much money I can make in exchange for my labor, it's not worth it. And I really don't care to offer any help whatsoever to any organization that doesn't have my best interests at heart. Please, if you can, CMV. EDIT: added the link KneeDeepThought linked me to this [essay] . It does a much better job at explaining my view than I do.