The first CoD game I ever played was a single-player demo of CoD3 for the PC, which I enjoyed for all of 30 minutes. My first major brush with the series was when a friend let me borrow CoD4, since the only FPS game i'd ever really played was Halo. Both games are very different. Halo has the whole Overshield system which tends to shut out individual skill in favor of following a teammate around for easy kill, since it's impossible to win a 1v2 fight unless the solo has a power weapon, or the duo is completely incompetent, but with the basic weapons, it's a no-go. And the movement seems to be slow and calculated. You can't move fast on foot (not counting the Sprint armor perm in later games) but the high jumping leads to a different plane of combat. When I first loaded CoD4, I had no idea what I was doing. The control scheme and the speed of the game movement was alien. I went 6-14 in my first game, which was a match of TDM on Overgrown. That's not bad for someone who was still figuring out the controls and had never played CoD multiplayer before. I found friends a lot quicker than I did in Halo for some reason, and I quickly got better. The map layouts were a great mixture of buildings and open spaces, the guns and perks were balanced, and so were the killstreaks. It was the golden age of CoD. With each new CoD that comes out, the devs feel the need to make the game more complicated, and clutter the maps more and more. Ghosts is the worst offender in the series when it comes to maps. Everything is corners (with the excepetion of Stonehaven, which is a sniper's paradise). This leads to a lot of the bad players (who make up the majority of CoD players) laying prone in every corner instead of trying to play the game. This is compounded by the horrible spawn system. With each new CoD, the developers spend less and less time working on coding the spawns so you don't get spawn killed by the same person up to 6 times in a row when there are plenty other spots to spawn at, and spend more time shopping for bigger and bigger wallets. They keep adding more stuff in with less effort to appeal to the little kids who don't know what quality is in a game, and who will buy it and refer it to their friends (and get the developers more sales) regardless of if the game is good or not, as long as it looks cool and has a whole lot of new features. If Infinity Ward and Treyarch keep releasing a half-assed beta at launch, Call of Duty will fall in due time. CMV.