This new and increasingly trite fad of listing rules for dealing with supposed introverts is pointless and not doing any good. Introvert advocates think they're making a novel point about a problem unique to them, when in reality everyone confronts social anxiety to one degree or another. I'm pretty sure this introvert revolution started with [Quiet] by Susan Cain - quite good I'm told - but has devolved into buzzfeed lists of [things only introverts will understand] . Here is a summary of my reasons for believing that "introverts" are not an actual class of people, and don't deserve special treatment: The dichotomy is false. Practically no one is all the way an introvert or all the way an extrovert. I'm one of the most extroverted, outgoing people that I know and guess what? Sometimes I just want a little "me time." By dividing and categorizing people this way we're just individualizing a set of problems that are really universal to the human experience. The label authorizes laziness. Imagine this: it's 9:30pm on a Friday night. You're not planning on going out. Suddenly your phone buzzes, and it's your friend - she's planning to drive over an hour to some huge mega party, and wants you to come. How do you feel about that? I think most of us would feel a little apprehensive about it, and maybe even search for some excuse not to go. Dare I say, most of us wouldn't go. But some portion of us suck it up and lace our boots, and go out into the world to have great experiences. Not because we are wild and carefree and meld effortlessly into any social situation, but because we know that waiting for experience to come knocking down your door is the same as waiting for death. We go in spite of our inclination to just stay in and browse reddit because life is outdoors. Because the the world begins where your comfort zone ends. Because there's 7 billion beautiful, disgusting, needy, incomprehensible, brilliant, frustrating people out there waiting to be met. In the words of Dave Eggers: "No" is for wimps. "No" is for pussies. "No" is to live small and embittered, cherishing the opportunities you missed because they might have sent the wrong message.... It is a fuckload of work to be open-minded and generous and understanding and forgiving and accepting, but Christ, that is what matters. What matters is saying yes. The term is meaningless. No one can seem to agree just what an introvert even is. Seriously look at that buzzfeed article I linked above. Is there a single list item that you can't relate to? It's just become such a dilute, catch-all expression that basically anyone who has any emotions at all can grab onto it. And any time you do try to put a definition on it, there's a chorus of voices correcting supposed "myths" about introverts introverts are not shy, introverts love to talk] , etc). The term pointlessly shifts the burden in social situations onto "extroverts". You're made uncomfortable by talking? Well I'm made uncomfortable by silence. (I'm not actually, it's just an example). I guess I'm automatically a bad guy because I have a different social appetite than you. I would honestly like if this view changed, because it does kind of make me seem like a jerk, I realize. So someone please CMV! Edit: Something that's getting a weird amount of attention is my reference to buzzfeed. I'm kind of surprised I have to point this out, but this post is principally concerned with people who identify as introverts not the academic, clinically accurate definition of introversion. And people who identify as introverts are largely relying on shallow, low quality, content mill type sources to bemoan their plight. If the buzzfeed version of introversion - which by the way has a million likes, 180k shares, and 5.5 million views - differs significantly for a more clinical, measured definition, if anything that bolsters my view. There's some number of people who are exceptionally introverted by a rigorous standard? Fine. They're the 10 percent.