Think of it this way. Feminism is like a country. It's made up of lots of different people with a shared identity, and who have similar views, but disagree on some things. In every country, there are going to be people whose views make them: A) More militant B) Desiring of a more homogenous country C) More interesting in competing with other countries than cooperating with them. And we generally refer to these people as the conservative element within a country. For the "country" of feminism, it's radical feminists which take on these roles. Radical feminists are more "militant" with non-feminists and perceived enemies and opponents, being more apt to use insults, derogatory language, and other forms of insults. Radical feminists are more interested in tightly controlling who can and cannot be a feminist (for example, insisting that men can never really be feminists) and thus controlling who is in the "country." And it is radical feminists who are more interested in taking a combative stance against ideological opponents than trying to come to an understanding, with the "it's not my job to educate you" attitude that you either agree with us or you're not worth our time, where as more moderate feminists would be more interested in trying to reach an understanding with outsiders. I'd like to point out that I'm not arguing that all of feminism has these characteristics, or that radical feminism is inherently wrong. Just that it would be accurate to describe it as a conservative form of feminism for these reasons. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!