TL;DR: I believe that burning a book can be a symbol of disagreement with the ideas presented within that book, that it does not necessarily mean that you cannot handle the opposing opinions presented in that books, and that it is never destroying information. I'm shocked to find that so many people, even people whom I agree with on several other topics, believe burning a book is an inherently immoral thing to do. When asked why, they say "Burning a book is destroying knowledge, and only those who hate knowledge would do so." However, I believe it is a symbol of disagreement. Firstly, if it's a book which has thousands or millions of copies in print, then burning one copy is not destroying knowledge, since other copies exist and are easily accessible. Secondly, I don't believe every book represents knowledge. A book like Mein Kampf is inherently different from a book like On the Origin of Species, because Mein Kampf contains the opinions and philosophy of the author, but On the Origin of Species contains factual information (I'm using Mein Kampf in this example, because it's the closest thing to a universally hated book that I can think of). If we believe that every book represents knowledge, then we must also believe that every author is also knowledgeable, or wise, which brings up a problem when different books contradict each other. That is a generalization, and it limits our understanding of the topics the book is about. Instead, I think we should judge each book by its content, and, by extension, the knowledge or wisdom of its author. So, Mein Kampf doesn't represent knowledge simply because it is a book. Now, say I finish reading Mein Kampf, and I am disgusted and reviled by it, so I choose to show my disagreement and disgust by burning it. We have already established that I'm not destroying knowledge, because there are other copies, and the book does not represent knowledge just because it is a book (it only represents knowledge or wisdom if we subjectively decide its author or opinions are wise, or if it contains facts). How, then, is burning it immoral? What other reasons are there that burning it is a bad thing to do? Change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!