On reddit and elsewhere, when the topic of exotic pet ownership arises, I see a general negative sentiment expressed in platitudes like: "that animal is not tame. Wild animals belong in the wild. What you are doing is wrong." I think these sentiments are irrational and misplaced. Below, I would like to address some of the common arguments against exotic pet ownership: There's a difference between "wild" animals and "domesticated" or "tame" animals, and "wild" animals belong in the wild. First off, I don't think that the statement "wild animals belong in the wild" is, standing alone, very persuasive. What's a "wild" animal? You have a good case here if you're comparing, say, a domestically-bred species (like dogs) against a wildly occurring counterpart (wolves). We created dogs specifically to be compatible with our society. But plenty of animals commonly kept as pets were not custom-engineered by us a la dogs. Cats, for example, were just a naturally occurring species that started living around humans. They've scarcely changed at all vis-a-vis [their wild progenitor] . And other animals commonly kept as pets turtles, rats, ferrets, fish differ even less than cats from their "wild" counterparts. For species like ferrets and cats, the main factor dictating these animals' compatibility with human homes is how they're raised. Interact with a feral housecat and a hand-raised African serval, then tell me which of these animals is "wild" and which is "tame." It's cruel to keep an animal in captivity whose instincts and behaviors are honed for life in the wild. This sort of ties in with the above many animals that are commonly acceptable as pets are really not so different from their wild counterparts. Plus, even a animal that is drastically different from the usual "pet" animal could arguably have a better life with a loving owner than as a disposable denizen of a cruel, unforgiving ecosystem. When I was in Dubai, I met a guy with a pet cheetah. This is a more extreme form of exotic pet ownership than I'd endorse for most people, but I'd wager that cheetah is probably happier than the cheetahs you see being brutalized by lions in nature documentaries, slowly starving to death, succumbing to infection, etc. Exotic pets are dangerous. Sure, some are. I'm not defending that guy in Harlem who kept a tiger in his apartment. But realistically, is a serval more dangerous than a pit bull (or even a less-stigmatized breed of dog)? What about breeds of domestic cat, like the maine coon, that can grow to be about the same size as many wild species? We face plenty of dangers in our day-to-day lives, many of which are totally unregulated, and if I had to prioritize healthsafety risks that warrant our concern the risk of being bitten by [a slightly-oversized cat kept by some hedge fund manager] would be pretty low on my list. You can argue that unlike other risky activities (e.g. driving), serval ownership is totally unnecessary and recreational. But so are risky activities like bungee jumping, soda consumption, dog ownership, recreational aviation, etc. We let people engage in these activities because we're a free society. The exotic pet trade has negative ecosystemic effects. This is one of the better arguments, but I don't think you can assert it credibly unless you condemn with equal vigor other human activities that have equally bad ecosystemic effects. Even the practice of owning domestic cats can be very bad for local ecosystems (feral cats are a huge problem in some places). I would guess that the worst ecosystemic effect of the exotic pet trade comes from poaching, but this doesn't apply to animals bred in captivity (as plenty of exotic animals are). People are stupid and irresponsible and can be cruelly neglectful, and even if 1 people can adequately and safely care for a cheetah it is better to outlaw this practice so we avoid missteps by dumbfucks. This is a decent policy argument, but doesn't really justify the moral objections you often see even when an exotic pet appears to be well cared for. Also, not all exotic pets are cheetahs I've cared for savannah cats. It's different than caring for a domestic cat, but not that different. Certainly many adults would be capable. It's cruel and unethical to adopt any pet except from a shelter, since dogs and cats die in shelters daily. Is it cruel to adopt a "domestic" species of pet not often found in shelters? If not if the species you want can only be purchased, not rescued, and that makes purchasing morally defensible then the same rationale should apply to ownership of exotic species not found in shelters. Plus, it's not like it's impossible to own the above-referenced serval and a shelter cat. If you manage to CMV, you may actually make an IRL difference because I have an interest in exotic cats and and am pretty confident I have the means to properly care for one. Thinking of buying once my career slows down and I have more time to spend with an animal.