My husband and I tried opening our marriage to another sexual partner (of my husband's choosing) went great for years until said partner found someone else and had to stop. Then husband and I tried opening our marriage with the idea of polyamory, having multiple loving partners. In theory it's great, in reality didn't work out so well. But in the mean time I developed a deep and loving relationship with another man. My husband can not handle it. He's gone ballistic, we've struggled, tried to work through everything, are in counseling, etc. At the moment the other man and I are "just friends" in actions. We talk, but it's about boring, how's your day, stuff. No intimate interactions while we all try to sort this out. But I love him. I love him more than I knew it was possible to love. He and I click in this crazy cosmic way. We make each other whole. We make each other better. To imagine life without him, is to take away color from the world. I love my husband too. I love my husband very much. We have been married 12 years and have three wonderful kids. But he and I are strained and the kids feel the strain lately too. And nothing I do is enough, because the fact of the matter is I'm in love with someone else and that makes him crazy. Even if I love him too. Even if I am still a good wife in every other way. Even if I'm not acting on it. He cries all the time (he is not a man prone to tears), he has nightmares. I don't think it'll get better while we are in this purgatory. I don't want to leave my husband, but I can't stop loving the other man on command and our lives are slowly falling apart. I'm starting to think I need to just call it and admit my marriage is over so that we can both grieve and move on. Please Change My View... EDIT: For the record, I am not talking about leaving my husband for the other guy. The other guy is also married and has a daughter. (They are polyamorous, his wife has a long term live in boyfriend). If I got a divorce I would be alone, so to speak. Yes, I'd have a long distance boyfriend whom I love, but I'm not looking to replace or change over from one relationship to the other.