I think whenever consumers are getting screwed over, or access to something is poor, government should enter the free market and compete (not regulate). Like Healthcare, Why not create a public option that includes everything: full medical and dental for 75month (using tax dollars to cover the rest). Now, instead of regulating the market, which causes cancellations, just have this competitive edge. Other health care companies would be free to do whatever they want (so libertarians can't argue), but they'd be out of business sooner rather than later if they continued to offer crap services or overly expensive coverage. In the internet market, why not create a high speed government broadband system that costs 20month and respects net neutrality (even though they don't have to). In fact congress could pass a law saying the government services must respect net neutrality. Yes the government would be watching you online, but they're already doing that anyway. Comcast and Verizon could continue to practice as they want, but they'd be belly up in short order if they didn't shape up. I think whenever there's a serious problem in the way the free market is providing services to Americans, the government should enter the free market. It would set the standard for which all other companies would have to provide services. Free market principals are still in play (autonomy, competition, supplydemand) and there's no 900 page long complex regulation. There's no law saying you MUST provide health insurance at a reasonable cost, but you would have to because nobody would deal with you otherwise. But wait, how would government be able to provide health care for 75 a month? By using tax dollars to pay the rest. Yes it's big government. Yes it's kind of artificial because government has tax dollars, private firms don't. I think the problem is that Obama waivered when republicans said "big government." Yes it's big government. That's the point. Obama shouldn't have let them use that against his public option.