A review of a restaurant is an opinion given by someone who is basically paid to give their opinion (cue the sound of half of reddit creaming their drawers). That opinion is informed by a single visit to a restaurant with little to no knowledge of how the restaurant works. Reviews are one snapshot of often one or two dishes eaten one time by one person that can have a huge impact on the success or failure of a restaurant. That's a lot of power to give to something that ultimately says nothing at all about the restaurant. The enjoyability of food is nothing if not subjective; while there is science to suggest that certain things may be more agreeable to the human palette (the old axiom of "if it tastes bad, smother it in bacon andor cheese than others on the whole likes and dislikes are individual. A reviewer might find something they dislike however that same dish might be quite popular or liked by many others. You're essentially giving one person's opinion much more weight than it deserves. The argument is that a critic knows something about food or has experience with other restaurants and can compare what they experience to what they know and come up with a better opinion. That still doesn't change the fact that you have one person giving their opinion of what they think is good and bad regarding a restaurant and it still stacks up to be generally useless. You have a slightly better informed someone giving their subjective view on a restaurant, and we know how well informed [random strangers] can be with regards to reviews. Shave off that part of the job and a "food critic" basically becomes someone who tells you that there's no roaches or severed fingers in the food (which, as we've established, reflects one experience with a restaurant). This, to me, calls into question why being a "food critic" is even a thing, much less a thing with as much power as some critics wield. Add to all that you get food critics desperately trying to justify their existence by engaging in [snobbery] and general tribalism with regards to what people put on their food or where they get it from and the entire profession seems like a needless dead weight on the culinary world. So, CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!