First, my definitions. Western culture is European culture. The linguistic, philosophical, artistic and political heritage of Europe. It's social norms and ethical values. Inherent means to be an essential quality. Racist means that white experiences and traits are privileged over others. Sexist means that masculine experiences and traits are privileged over others. Western culture has the essential quality of privileging white masculine experience and traits over others. Linguistically, this essential quality manifests itself in all nouns being gendered in the Romance languages. Philosophically, western though has been universally dominated by men. These men using their masculine experience as the sole epistemology with which to classify and label all aspects of the world. Artistically, women are depicted as objects of beauty and desire, people's of color are barely depicted at all and white men are the creators of art. Politically, well, it's fucking Europe, 2500 years of war, violence and oppression. Alexander the "Great" marches east. The roman empire sends it's legions to all corners of the continent, killing indigenous peoples wherever it goes. Those indigenous peoples resist an overtake the empire, so on and so on. Europe "discovers" and colonizes America, rather than steal it from it's native inhabitants. Africans are imported and forced to participate in this native genocide. The French behead people in the name of liberty and an Austrian carries out the ultimate campaign of asserting white racial superiority. Even today, this racistssexist quality of western culture still exists. Equal rights for women are granted rather than acknowledged as evident. The third world is still the third world. Africa is still the dark continent, a source of Ebola and AIDS. Western culture functions to elevate white men above all the non-white people of the world. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!