The federal Fair Housing Act of 1968 and the federal Fair Housing Act Amendments Act of 1988 prohibit discrimination on the basis of the following criteria (called "protected categories: race or color; religion; national origin; familial status or age - includes families with children under the age of 18 and pregnant women; disability or handicap, or sex. My CMV is simple: Landlords should not be able to turn tenants away for a low credit score, in addition to the factors listed above, like race and sex. Given that they can't discriminate based on credit score, I don't think they should even be legally allowed to run a credit check. I was recently apartment-hunting (well, last summer). I'm 26, and so far in my adult life, I had stayed away from credit cards and loans, preferring to use my money to benefit myself in other ways, rather than try to play the credit-score game and exploit credit card points for plane tickets. Thus, I didn't have much of a credit history at the time. Despite being willing to put 6-12 months of rent down on a cheap one-bedroom apartment, and despite the fact that I made more than enough to pay for a cheap one-bedroom apartment, and had plenty of money in savings, I was turned away from numerous apartments and apartment complexes because of the fact that my credit score was low. Numerous apartment managers had minimums of 640 and one place even had a minimum of 700. I pay my bills - electric, car insurance, cell, rent, internet and more, and I've never been late on a payment by more than a couple days. The issue I had was that since these bills aren't loans, they apparently don't help my credit score, and my credit report was basically blank. I feel like credit score discrimination is a form of institutionalized class discrimination. Obviously, people with money are going to have more access to credit; they're going to take out more loans, and their credit score is going to be higher on average. Credit score is a numerical analysis of the creditworthiness of a person, which is different than a numerical analysis of their ability to pay rent. The two values may correlate, but that alone isn't a good enough reason to CMV. Race, color, sex, or creed may also correlate with ability to pay rent, but as a society, we reject those criteria with regards to housing. I would like credit score to be viewed in the same way. Correlation alone isn't enough of a justification to keep this type of discrimination around, because shelter is a core necessity of life. Thus, to improve the lives of the lower classes, and to combat homelessness, as an equalizing measure, we should deny landlords (who, remember, are literal rent-seekers; they add no value, and are attempting to make money by renting out shelter that people need to survive) the right to use credit score as a discriminatory tool. I also feel like maintaining one's credit score requires an excessive amount of administrative overhead, which may not be reasonable for the average working poor person. Personally, I've been able to take out a credit card and pay it off in full each month to play the credit score game and hopefully avoid this situation in the future. I just don't feel like that should be the status quo in a first world country - someone who wants to opt-out of the credit score game shouldn't be denied shelter. In situations where a large sum of money was being loaned, such as a mortgage, or a credit limit agreement was being reached - basically anything that doesn't involve food, water, or the most basic level of shelter, I might be okay with credit scores being used to discriminate against applicants. However, when it comes to core physiological necessities such as shelter, I believe this information contributes to institutional class discrimination against poor people, and should be made illegal. My apologies if this was long-winded, I look forward to reading any response that you may have. Thanks!