My friend likes to bitch and moan about how the rich and corporations control the world. Yes, they totally do, I get it. But my point is that there is nothing you can do to stop that. He personally wants to limit the power corporations have. He feels they get away with too much, and corrupt the government. My argument is that if you limit corporations, they will just find loopholes to ad nauseum. Organizations or groups, and even individual people can change their tactics far more quickly than the slow bureaucracy of a government. They can break the law in spirit, but not legislation. I.e., they can find a way to legally rob you blind, and while everyone hates them, nothing can be done if we respect the sanctity of the law, until it changes. And by then they will have adapted again. If you reset the wealth of everyone to exactly a dollar, the smart and cunning would rise above the rest again, and become billionaires. The smart and cunning would form corporations, which pool the minds and wealth of those who have the most of both in the world and with that they can perform superhuman feats of economic and political control. Bill Gates, the wealthiest man in the world is worth what, like 70 billion? Microsoft is worth 290B and Apple hit 660B last year. See my point? The only way to completely rebalance wealth would be to cap everyones bank account at a certain amount, but even then crafting capitalists would find a way to pool their money together and beat the system. A society of 5 people can come to a quick consensus to punish someone who obeyed the law in theory, but broke it in spirit. A society of hundreds of millions cannot. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!