For context, I recommend browsing through the comments on [this post] . While I am in no way trying to apologize or defend rapists, I genuinely believe everyone who's trying to jump down their throat about the idea need to relax. My argument: 1. The [original comic that started the controversy] is hilarious and well written. Anytime you make a rape joke you're going to get push back, but I think this was handled rather well. It's entirely over the top and very clear in it's message, that MMO quests such as this are ridiculous in the context of the game. The whole point is that it's a bad thing that this slave is being left to the dickwolves. It's not condoning it or making light of it. It's satire. 2. The amount of negative feedback they received was pretty sizable, but to these guys not unheard of. They felt it appropriate to respond to this with [this followup comic] that, in my view, does nothing but confirm their intent with the original comic. They're making light of the fact that people interpreted the original comic as advocating rape, because it's so painfully obvious (both to them and myself) that they were doing the opposite. 3. The controversy escalated further when they ran their next expo, which featured as part of the merchandise collection [this t-shirt] , referencing the mythical dickwolf that started off all this controversy. Apparently people took offense to both the mention of the comic (at their own convention!) and the fact that the shirt seems to be styled in such a way as to suggest the wearer was a 'supporter of Team Dickwolves'. While I can see how someone could make that connection (although I believe it's tenuous at best), I don't agree with the assertion that the people wearing it were, knowingly or not, supporting 'rapists' by wearing a funny reference to a comic on their shirt. I think that's too far a stretch to make. 4. When people complained about the dickwolves merchandise, Penny Arcade apparently decided to pull the merch off the shelves. Apparently, this was intended to signal that the artists were apologizing for being insensitive, which I don't really understand, given my stance on the points above. Now, I feel compelled to reiterate that I'm not trying to condone, support, apologize for, or in any other way support rape or rapists. It's not ok. I think we can all agree on that point. But when I read things like [this tumblr] where this girl chronicles her adventures at PAX and how she seems to blame PAX for her (again, not ok) rape at the hands of a 'friend of a friend' she met there. Statements such as: That entire room of people supports him making money from minimizing the most excruciating experience of my life. honestly come off as ridiculous in my view. I don't think that PA is capitalizing on the rape of this girl. I think they made a one-off joke that people are getting their panties in a bunch about. Honestly, I feel like if that girl's story went something like 'I went to PAX and then was captured and sold into slavery' the guys at PA would have to deal with fallout over how insensitive they were about slavery. In my view, it's ludicrous. So, CMV, what am I missing? I'm really interested to hear what kind of arguments you guys can come up with, as I feel like there's definitely got to be some component of this whole thing that I'm just not seeing.