To clarify my title; by suspending elections I mean the government currently in power at the time of the election should retain power until a new election is required by the respective nations constitution. Institution of such legislation would generally be positive for the democratic process. First is the highly philosophical point, do people deserve democracy if the majority of people can not be bothered to sustain it through the most basic act of voting. The ability to vote is the responsibility of the citizens of a democracy, they must excise their responsibility to vote in order to retain their right to do so. Secondly if such legislation were enacted it would provide a major reason for the average citizen to participate in the democratic process. The vast majority of democratic citizens greatly value the fact they live in a democratic nation but many do not participate in the democratic process. Generalizing, an example of this can be found in abundant patriotism of states like USA and Canada, not all of these particularly minded people are turning out for election day. My third point ties in heavily with my second; partisanship and far leftright politics are the norm in states like the USA and Canada because people who fall on the far leftright feel strongly enough about politics to actually vote. The average citizen of a democratic state is generally politically moderate and proud of their nations democratic practices and as such would be horrified if they were suspended. If such legislation were to be enacted the average voter would be more likely to turn up on election day in order to ensure the democratic process they are so proud of is maintained. The net result of this would be a reduction of partisan politics and an increase in the election of moderate candidates that reflect the average voter. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!