Let me preface this by saying that I am not absolutely certain of this view, but I find it logically and scientifically appealing. Additionally, the argument requires acceptance of one or two underlying assumptions, which I will point out as I explain the case. The view is: consciousness, or the idea of a continuous "self" or identity, which persists not only from moment, but from day to day, month to month, and so on, is essentially illusory. By this, I mean that we perceive it, or seem to perceive it, but that it does not and cannot actually exist. Below are the premises and conclusions: P (1): Consciousness is fundamentally a neurobiological process. Granted, this is itself a particular take on "neuro-philosophy." I do not agree with the premises of substance property dualism. I think that consciousness is "identical with" underlying brain processes. For the purpose of the argument, all we really need to accept with this premise is that neurobiology plays a causal role in the formation of consciousness, or that consciousness is "causally reducible" to neurobiological states. Thus, mental states caused by neural states. P (2): Our brain states are constantly changing. First of all, the overall structure of the brain is always developing and evolving - new synaptic connections are formed, old connections are abandoned. Second, the "state" of the brain is always distinct. Our understanding of the brain at the neural circuitry network level is still inadequate (compared to our understanding at the individual neuron level, and the gross anatomy level), but it is generally accepted (to the best of my admittedly limited knowledge) among the neuroscience community that no two brain states, compared across two temporally distinct moments, are completely identical. Sensory input changes, as do the particular parts of the brain that are activated at any given moment. Conclusion 1: Given P (1) and P (2), we know that conscious states are constantly changing. This is because conscious states are caused by supervene on brain states, so a change in a brain state produces a change in a conscious state. Conclusion 2: Given Conclusion 1, we can infer that the traditional conception of consciousness as a persistent and unified entity is mistaken. Although there are many similarities in structure between two temporally distinct brain states (and consequently, mental states), they are not totally identical. Obviously, certain brain states mental states are more similar than others. The difference between now and one second ago is not substantial (unless some significant external or internal stimulus produces a drastic change). The difference between now and ten years ago at a particular moment is probably more substantial. Still, both comparisons demonstrate differences. My claim, then, is that our notion of a "unified consciousness" or persistent selfhood is flawed. I am not claiming anything so radical as to say that our selfhood completely changes every moment. However, I am claiming that selfhood changes, to varying degrees, every moment, and as a consequence of this, our selfhood is never exactly the same. Perhaps this is an overly analytical take on a commonly accepted idea, but my impression seems to be that people intuitively have this idea of their self essentially remaining the same from moment to moment. At least, I certainly do. Feel free to argue against any of these premises, or the conclusion. Saying something as simple as "I don't think consciousness is a neurobiological phenomenon; I believe in a metaphysical divide between body and soul," however, will not change my view, although it is a perfectly valid belief. Furthermore, let me know if anything in my argument is unclear.