So, this is something I've been thinking about a lot lately. For the first part of my life I was taught that "right" and "wrong" are objective, and across cultures remained constant. As I've come to learn about different cultures I've found that this is not necessarily the case. I will consent that there are certainly common ideas of ethics (ex. Murder and other violent acts are wrong) that are accepted by most cultural groups. But even violence is accepted or condoned by the moral majority of some cultural groups. I think that morality is subjective and defined by the majority of a given society, and that ideas of right and wrong can vary greatly on whose morals you are dissecting. An example that comes to mind are the Etoro people of Papua New Guinea. Young men are made to ingest the semen of adult male members (by oral stimulation in most cases) of the tribe to become strong and verile. In western society this would be considered a sex crime, rape even. But reports indicate that these young men aren't particularly traumatized by this ritual, because in the context of their culture it is perfectly acceptable moral behavior. I can cite other examples of moral disparities between cultures separated both geographically and by time. So, reddit: let's have a discussion about the Genesis of moralsethics! My view is that these things are defined by culture as interpreted by the individual. Change my view! A couple of brief disclaimers for this post: 1) the idea of objective morality is an idea usually associated with theism, however, I am not interested in debating the merits of theism vs. atheism. I recognize that in a discussion about morals, theistic ideas are bound to enter the discussion. I just don't want this thread to devolve into ratheism. 2) I am a male member of western society. If I refer to aspects of American (my native country) or western culture as common knowledge please forgive this. If I need to clarify my stance or any vague statements, I would be happy to try! 3) in a bit I will be away from the Internet for an hour or so, and will respond to thoughtful posts when I am back. Forgive this my friends.