I am a young astrophysicist in his junior year of college undergraduate. I cannot wrap my mind around that there is a speed limit in the universe that light travels in and nothing else can. I am well versed in physics but obviously not an expert, so I do know that if you travel 99.99999 the speed of light, light STILL is observed as passing you at the speed of light, instead of .00001 the speed of light. This though makes me think that light does not travel at some cosmic speed limit but reality is almost like a computer that can only process so much information from one point outward and light just happens to run at its maxnear max efficiency. Now you may be thinking what is the difference and how could this even be thought possible. Well the difference is quite large, and there are a few speculations I have been having. A speed limit is a certain speed from complete rest that cannot be exceeded, while my idea that reality has more of a data limit for every plank-meter cubed or something close to that would explain much more. Certain substances could be "bad processors" which would explain why light changes speeds through different substances. Also a perfect vacuum has never and probably will never be able to be tested to send light through, while space is as I have been taught about 1 atom per cm cubed, which could mean light could go much faster in a perfect vacuum. This hypothesis could also explain why time is experienced differently for every person based on their speed. A higher speed would require more power, so someone going 99 the speed of light would appear almost frozen to someone going .00001 speed of light because it is taking way more "processing power." "But wait! You just said that light travels the same as fast no matter how fast I am going under it, but a person can get to a near standstill doing the same thing?" The way my brain puts it is this... Mass. Light does not have mass, even though it does interact with the Higgs field slightly. That lack of mass gives it this ability to appear at the same speed for everyone, yet still always going the same speed relative to your speed. This would also suggest that it isn't a speed at all we are dealing with, but a "data limit" that the universe has. Here is where I go insane. The reason I think THAT all works above is because of probability waves, or string waves, or chance waves. This is the rate at which those can be processed through the universe. This would explain why the speed of light is relative to people's own speeds. The mere observation of something makes it exist through the collapsing of probability waves into one single timeline, and I suggest that the reason light itself seems relative at times, is because there is not an instant, but a substantially small delay at which interactions with these waves can interact with each other forces reality to be constrained to "data limits" from points of interaction and observation, creating artificial speeds at which we are limited. And some substances interact with these waves in different ways, just like the higgs field interacts with particles differently. Holy freaking cow someone find someway to either shut me the heck up or get me someone who knows what they are talking about. My brain twitches whenever I hear string theory or multi-verse theory or speed of light because of this nagging in my mind about this idea. POINT OUT ANY STUPID ERRORS SO THIS POST DOESN'T DIE BECAUSE I SAID THE SPEED OF LIGHT WAS TUNA FISH. TL;DR Speed of light, science, string theory, Schrodinger's cat and waves that can't be surfed on... yet. Really there is no way to shorten that.