While I understand Israel has the RIGHT to exist, and given that it already does exist it should continue to exist, I do not understand the need for a Jewish state (A state where the government attempts to enforce a Jewish majority through immigration and family incentives) Honestly IMO half the reason Israel is under attack all the time is it's location, if they all moved to say America (admittedly some parts are friendlier to jews than others but in general I would call America generally tolerant of the Jewish faith) everything would be generally fine. But instead they see a need to reinforce their faith with a rigid state placed in their holy land (despite the fact I know many Jews that are atheists that still identify a Jews (that one always confuses me In the end its causing more harm than good EDIT: SO hey Ill give an update So far I have learned that antisemitism is still a major problem in not northeast americawestern europe I have only been called an antisemite twice (shocked actually) To reiterate I am wondering why israel feels the need to be an enforced JEWISH state I still see part of the problem being that jews seem intent on being insular and self segregating themselves (basically Israel) I understand there are places that ostracize jews on purpose but acting like that is currently EVERY COUNTRY IN THE WORLD is overkill. While I understand that they tried this in the pre hitler germany..and well hitler happened, it has been tried again in places like NYC and most of NE america, and while there are some hate crimes its really not that bad. Also before people start crying OMG your asking us to sacrifice our culture our existence to survive as people, no I am not. In all reality many peoples have integrated themselves into US society without totally loosing their cultural identities so it can be done Ok, to clarify. I really do not see the need for any governmental y enforced (or heavily incentivized) ethnic majority state. Let me clarify: Do I have a problem with a state being formed by a group of ethnic people? No. Do I have a problem with that state naturally being ethnicly homogeneous? No. I have a problem with one of two situations. 1) if a state enforces immigration quotas or other means to ensure an ethnic majority despite drastic changes in regional ethnicity an example of this would be Japan who pressured some Japanese-Brazilians to renounce citizenship (they paid them to do it) 2) if a state uses second class citizenship (either officially or does nothing to rectify a socially accepted second class citizenry) to create a ruling ethinc group dispute its minority. Examples of this include America during Jim Crowe Era (the south socially created a second class citizenry even though legally they were "equal," and chose not to intervene to fix this) or at its worst apartheid south africa