Public schools exist to provide education to poor families that can't afford alternatives. It's a program meant for the less-fortunate, which makes perfect sense considering education for children must be provided under penalty of incarceration. Parents that have any problems with what's being taught have every right to educate their children themselves or send them to a private school, public education isn't being forced on anyone. School prayer advocates should be sending their children to christian schools, and if they can't afford it always have the option to homeschool. The fact that they aren't indicates that they're either trying to unlawfully indoctrinate other people's children against their parent's will, or haven't figured out that beggars can't be choosey. Government provided education reflects the views of the government providing it. Secular, non-segregated, fact-based, and functional even to the point of inefficiency. If it's operating outside of those boundaries it's cause for concern and should be corrected. If anybody has a problem with that they've missed the point of public schools (and the US government). But hey, now with homeschooling being available now even the poor have an alternative to public school, therefore everyone should be happy. Anyone complaining now clearly just want to have their cake and eat it too. EDIT: This issue is stemming from a view I already hold that others don't. I do not feel the few cents of mine that end up in the budget entitles me to demand the government be run the way I see fit regardless of the elected officials or the law in general. If the majority votes representatives in that won't be spending the way I'd like them to it's my duty to eat shit until the next election and hope my side wins next time, those that expect any different are going to have a bad time. Also, parents might feel more comfortable with their children learning things that can be taught in private schools but can't afford to homeschool or pay for private education, IMO that's too bad and parents will just have to unteach the stuff they don't like when the kids get home. It's what happens when you can't afford something you want, you settle for what's available, which when talking about public school isn't half bad. My view has been changed though, haters gonna hate, lovers gonna love and that's their right as Americans. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!