Any time a discussion about government reform comes up, term limits always seem to be a very popular suggestion, but there's a couple of counterpoints that people seem to overlook: 1. There are plenty of men and women in office who honorably represent their constituents and are re-elected each election cycle because they're good at their job. Why throw out good and bad politicians at the same rate? 2. There is nothing inherently bad with seniority. In fact, I'd argue that long-entrenched incumbents are more independent from the influence of special interests because of how unlikely their district is to flip. Term limits would introduce more freshmen congresspeople with little to no experience who not only are more targeted by PACs and big money, but it makes them more dependent on them and the help of lobbyists to keep their seat. 3. The real root of many of our problems right now are more systemic issues (e.g., our system of campaign financing, lobbyist involvement in fundraising, gerrymandering, the revolving door). If these issues were addressed with strong, comprehensive bills or amendments, we'd have no need to cap term lengths. 4. Many states and local municipalities have introduced term limits and are still dealing with the same problems that Congress is facing today. This tells me that term lengths are not the root issue here. To be clear, I don't have a problem with term limits on offices of strong, central authority, like the executive branch. But power is already divided between 535 individuals in one-third of one branch of government. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!