First, let me say that I understand those who have been affected by gun violence will be passionate about the topic, and I don't mean to demean the loss guns cause or say they are a non issue. What I do think, however, is that people in favor more gun control spend far more effort on it than they should, if saving lives, reducing injuries, or reducing societal costs are the goal. Tobacco and alcohol should be far more hated than guns are. Let me explain: Yet every year tobacco kills more Americans than did World War II - more than AIDS, cocaine, heroin, alcohol, vehicular accidents, homicide and suicide combined. [Source.] That's a total of 443,000 people. 88,000 of those deaths are from secondhand smoke, which is very disgusting to me because many of those victims had no ability to prevent being near it. Guns account for 32,000 deaths per year -of which 11,000 are homicides- and 71,000 injuries [source.] Alcohol causes [88,000 deaths per year] , of which over [10,300] were killed from DUI's. Of those, [1,168 were children.] On top of this, while seems to me that neither alcohol nor tobacco has any significant benefits, at least guns can be used for defense, and when guns are used properly they are safe; but it is literally impossible to smoke or drink without doing damage to the body. I know guns cause needless deaths and injuries, but smoking isn't pursued politically like guns are. Not only that, but grabbing a smoke isn't reacted to as negatively as having a gun is in society, even though second hand smoke alone is more likely to kill you. Nobody gets scared at the cigarettes or beers sold at gas stations, yet most are uncomfortable at the presence of a gun. The point isn't that we shouldn't do reasonable gun control measures or that gun violence isn't a problem, but that the energy and drive put into banning assault weapons after Sandy Hook was more effort than has recently been put into banning tobacco. Outside of guns being intrinsically scary, why is it relatively targeted so much both politically and in society? I know my post makes it sound like I'm just plugging my own opinion, but I'm genuinely asking to see what I'm missing. Edit: I have seen a few people say that more gun control is the next thing on society's menu, but that doesn't make mathematically sense if saving lives is the point. Some have implied that the deaths of smokers and drinkers isn't what's important, but rather the deaths of those who never chose to do the dangerous things. But, because of how many people die from secondhand smoke relative to guns that point also doesn't make sense. Some say that tobacco is already regulated so society is moving on to guns, but guns are even more regulated (backgound checks, and to carry in public a safety course is required. No such course that explains the dangers is required to buy cigarettes). It seems to be that the kind of death is what matters, where a bullet is more sudden and dramatic than cancer. Is there any other reason to prefer more restrictions on guns as opposed to more restriction on tobacco if not alcohol?