Most of you are probably thinking, "don't all US citizens already have the right to vote?" The answer is no, there are many groups of people who, although they are US citizens, still lack the right to vote. I will list them below. Those living in Washington, DC do not have representation in the Senate, and only have one non-voting member of the House of Representatives. Those living in the US territories of Guam, Porto Rico, the US Virgin Islands, and the Northern Mariana Islands do not have voting rights at the federal level despite being full US citizens. Those living in the US territory of American Samoa are not even considered US citizens, they are US nationals, so also do not have voting rights. Those who have been convicted of a felony, in most states, lose their right to vote. This fact has lead to US prisons being places which politicians ignore since they know that most Americans don't care about the rights of felons. If felons could vote, than politicians would have to listen to them. Finally, the fact that people under 18 cannot vote is a double standard and is unfair. In many states, a person is automatically tried as an adult when they turn 16, yet they cannot vote. If a person can be tried as an adult, they should be able to vote like an adult. TL;DR All US citizens should be able to vote regardless of where they live or the crimes which they have committed. States should modify their laws so that the age which a person can be tried as an adult is the same as the voting age. Those living in American Samoa should be considered full US citizens with the right to vote. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!