It seems to be a big concern on everyones mind that the Ukraine crisis will eventually develop into a new cold war between Russia and the west. I think that this fear is overstated in the modern world, and that although tensions may rise and diplomacy might diminish, it won't be on par with the cold war in terms of alienation, hostility, or military buildupeconomic competition. Firstly, I believe that the world is too integrated in the 21st century to allow such a vast region as Russia to alienate itself from the west. The Internet, resource trades, and currency markets hold influence on the actions of any nation. Internet allows people to communicate over vast distances and spread cultural ideas globally. It's also not usually foolproof when a government restricts internet access to its citizens, unless they make it a priority, as happens in China. Resource trading, specifically oil and natural gas, make up a big part of Russia's economy, and removing the income gained from oil would be disastrous for those regions of Russia's economy if they can't find new trading partners that haven't boycotted them. Even the Ruble, which is already facing devaluation as a result of the crisis, can't hold out forever without suffering a currency crash brought on by withdrawing from the international scene. Too much withdrawl, and Russians wouldn't be able to exchange their currency for much more than nickels and dimes should they ever go abroad. In general, I don't think it's beneficial nor likely for Russia to go down the path of withdrawal. I also wouldn't be surprised if the Russian public, especially the elites who have so much to lose, get a feeling of disenfranchisement, and eventually rebel against Putin and his military policies, after which the conflict could probably be resolved with a more diplomatic solution. I want to hear reasons as to why the conflict could take an entirely different turn, and actually lead us into a new cold warworld war with Russia and its closer allies. CMV! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!