More specifically, what with the recent NSA scandal I have noticed that there have been a number of individuals (particularly on this site) that seem to use the "violation of my rights argument" (as well as that over-used quote by Ben Franklin) to rationalize their fear and anger over PRISM and the NSA's recent actions. It just so happens that the majority of these people tend to subscribe to a more liberal political affiliation, and thus it's no surprise that many of these people are unsupportive of the current gun laws in the U.S. Now although I'd like to save a discussion about the NSA and PRISM for another thread, I can't help but see the hypocrisy in such a belief system. To be up in arms about the government violating your 4th and 5th amendment rights, while being more than supportive of the government's violation of your 2nd amendment rights is complete lunacy in my eyes and really debases the value of your constitution because what it says is that you value some rights as more "important" or "worthy of being protected" than others. A right is a right, and if there's a hierarchy of rights, what's stopping the courts from deeming something as unconstitutional because the perseverance of one right is more important than another? Bills would be passed that violate one right, but only because it preserves another, seemingly "more important" right. The constitution was written by the same individuals with the same vision for the the same nation. This is just but one example (for instance I find it equally stupid when supporters of the 2nd amendment are also against individual use of the 1st amendment - such as individuals against gay rights demonstrations in certain states). And so, I believe any American that stands up for any single Constitutional right should stand up for all of them. Elsewise, they're simply picking and choosing aspects of the constitution for them to live by that is convenient for their lifestyle and consistent with their political ideologies. As I see it, the discrediting or belittling of any one right is a discrediting of the entire American constitution. Please CMV. Edit: After some discussion already I'd like to clarify my somewhat poor choice of wording. Individuals should be free to believe whatever they do about the constitution, and it's true they can disagree with individual amendments. But at the end of the day, they cannot prompt their government (s) to pass any bills or perform any actions that would even marginally infringe on any constitutional right without being a hypocrite. Thus, I can reasonably understand an individual disagreeing with the second amendment, but to support a bill that would restrict this right from individuals without the proper constitutional amendment would be extremely hypocritical and would should a vapid belittlement of the constitution.