Let clarify this view and why I hold it. Ever since I started using the internet and reading debates, specifically about criminals suffering or being executed, I've always seen people defending that, since the criminal is still human, that magically makes any instance of him suffering or being a 'victim' of 'cruelty' immoral. For some people, human death or suffering is always bad which I just don't understand. Why should I give a damn about a mugger or a rapist or a nigerian scammer suffering? I have no similar experiences to these people. I cannot relate to them on a personal level. For me, they will always be the enemy because their very existence is a threat to my safety and property. Why, then, should their suffering or death inherently bad for society when it only gives it positive outcomes? One less mugger, one less murderer, one less rapist, but for some bleeding-heart people, one less human. Why should it matter if the mugger was a human or a monkey or a dolphin? It's still a mugger. It's still an useless drain on society. And, being mine and society's enemy (enemy as defined by "only brings negative effects, I see no reason to empathize with them. Some people, some humans, are horrible or straight up useless. Being human doesn't make anyone better, and it also doesn't make all humans equal to a specific one. All human lives are not worth the same. One of my pet peeves is also when, for example, a rapist is raped in jail (which I don't see anything wrong with, since why the hell would I empathize with a rapist?) and people laugh and cheer about it. Then comes Mr. Human Rights Activist saying the rapist was "dehumanized." Why would someone have to be 'dehumanized' for me to not feel anything wrong with them suffering? Why cannot I endorse suffering of humans, terrible, shitty, useless humans, and why would I be "dehumanizing" them for doing so? EDIT: This also includes people getting mad about their country bombing another's citizens. I'm not even American but I still think it's extremely silly when Americans want the bombings to stop when they lose nothing from them, and even gain from it sometimes (Oil, lithium, etc). A ground invasion is a different story because actual American lives may be lost. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!