Most people, especially on reddit, now believe that marijuana ought to be legalized, but I would go further. I think that all drugs should be legalized, but here I will focus on cocaine. Why? Because it is typically the drug that is most demonized (along with heroin). People say: well, marijuana, ecstacy, and LSD should be legal, but certainly not cocaine! Why cocaine should be legal: It should not be the business of the government what you do to your body, whether it is harmful or not. As long as you are not initiating the use of physical force on others, no one has the right to use force to stop you. Moral suasion is another matter: your behavior may be a negative influence on others and they might be right to ask you to stop, but they don't have the right to use force. This of course applies to all drugs, so I won't focus on it. Prohibition does not work. You can buy cocaine in any city in America, as far as I know. All it does is funnel profits to illegal drug dealers, who are often involved in genuine crimes against people and property. Furthermore, it results in cocaine on the street being highly adulterated, which results in mixtures that are much more harmful than cocaine itself. If cocaine were legal, it would be pure, and it would not give money to Colombian communists and other gangs. On a related note, much of the harm caused by cocaine is the economic harm caused to poor addicts, who can barely afford it. If cocaine were legal, there is no reason to think that it would be much more expensive than powdered sugar. Maybe that is a slight exaggeration, but certainly the costs are highly inflated by its illegal nature. This would also remove the major incentive for adulteration. Cocaine is not harmful in moderation. In Peru and Bolivia, they have drunk coca tea, made from the plant from which cocaine is extracted, for centuries with no apparent negative effects. It just "peps you up" in a way that is similar to caffeine. When cocaine was in Coca-Cola, it was not harmful in the small amounts used and worked similarly to coca tea. Studies have even [shown] that casual or occasional use of concentrated, powdered cocaine typically has no negative consequences. Cocaine was only made illegal in the first place because of a moral panic over its effects on blacks and other minorities. There are all kinds of stories from the time period about its supposed [effects] on them: Hyperbolic reports of the effect of cocaine on African Americans went hand-in-hand with this hysteria. In 1901, the Atlanta Constitution reported that "Use of the drug [cocaine] among negroes is growing to an alarming extent.100] The New York Times reported that under the influence of cocaine, "sexual desires are increased and perverted ... peaceful negroes become quarrelsome, and timid negroes develop a degree of 'Dutch courage' that is sometimes almost incredible.101] A medical doctor even wrote "cocaine is often the direct incentive to the crime of rape by the negroes.101] To complete the characterization, a judge in Mississippi declared that supplying a "negro" with cocaine was more dangerous than injecting a dog with rabies.[102] This is the same kind of mentality that made alcohol illegal. We know how that worked out. Alcohol can certainly be very destructive when abused, but it is fine when taken in moderation. Furthermore, the only effective way to curb alcohol's harmful effects is through voluntary action. Forceful prohibition does not work. I believe the same is true of cocaine. However, all this is not to say that it should be totally socially acceptable to be a cocaine abuser. Back before alcohol prohibition, Henry Ford made it a condition of promotion to the upper ranks that one abstained from it, and he employed agents to make sure that these employees kept their word. I don't know if businesses ought to go that far, but they should be allowed to. And they certainly should not be prohibited from making employees undergo drug tests, whether for marijuana, or cocaine or anything else. Employers shouldn't have to hire habitual drunks, nor should they be made to hire potheads or cocaine abusers. Ideally, people would be socially tolerant of cocaine use in moderation, such as in coca tea and the original Coca-Cola. But that should be left to their judgment. And people who overuse and abuse cocaine should be socially shunned and encouraged to seek help, just like alcoholics are. But in order to achieve the best results, cocaine should be totally, 100 legal. Not "decriminalization," not "harm reduction," not "liberalization." Those are just band-aids on the problem. If it is not legal to grow and sell cocaine, as well as to buy it, the incentives for adulteration and the ties to criminality will still be there.