I regularly eat out in restaurants and usually get good food and good service. I typically tip well (20 or more) as I grew up in Las Vegas, where tipping is the cultural norm. I do not, however, complain about food or poor service unless I am on my way out the door, and then I am very unlikely to return to that restaurant ever again. I have the following reasons: 1. I believe that servers have established an atmosphere of fear as an industry and promote the beliefs that tips are owed for all service and that they can very easily retaliate against customers by tampering with their food. 2. I believe that most restaurants know what the quality of their food is, and have already taken the quality control steps that they wish to take. They are extremely unlikely to change their quality based on rare customer feedback. 3. I believe that customers who complain are seen in a bad light regardless of how they phrase their criticism. The only hope that a customer has for having a good experience is to sit down, shut up and hope that the restaurant provides a good meal and decent service. I believe there is only one safe course of action for poor service or food: A. Stop eating anything that is offensive, call the server and manager and point out the problem. Refuse a replacement and refuse to pay for the bad portion. B. If bad service, find the manager and pay them directly with no tip. Explain the issue, but pay your bill. C. Tell friends, write bad online reviews and help others to avoid the establishment. D. Never return. Change my view so I can return to places that just made a mistake. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!