I'm from Canada but I have family in the United States and friends from South Korea; three different systems of health care with varying levels of private sector involvement. Of these three, I see Canada's as the most fair, because people of all income levels get the same quality of care (for the most part, it's not perfect). It prevents people from having to make the painful choice between sickness and bankruptcy. Publicly-employed doctors are also more likely to work to prevent illness because they don't get more money if their patients get sick. The United States is the worst out of the three, because the quality of care you receive is almost completely parallel with your income level. If you don't have good insurance, when you get sick you essentially have the choice between denying yourself care and making it worse or taking a huge hit out of your bank account. This can mean having to mortgagesell your house or even skip buying food. Even if you can afford it, it has the potential to completely ruin your life. For example, my great aunt who lives in Cincinnati was a nurse all her life and her late husband was a doctor all his life. They were smart with their money and saved a lot to be able to retire comfortably. However, my great aunt has chronic hip problems which are not covered by her (already expensive) insurance plan. Frequent trips to the hospital over the years has forced her to live in an expensive elderly care complex, also not covered by her insurance. From all those costs plus hospital bills, she has gone completely bankrupt and has few places left to go. My grandmother, on the other hand, lives in Toronto. When she got cancer, everything other than her wheelchair was covered by OHIP (Ontario Health Insurance Plan). Now she's made a full recovery and it cost us relatively little. In fact, out of curiosity we looked up the price of the medication she was taking, and if we would have lived in the States, it would have cost us 30,000 a month. We would have had to sell our house. Needless to say, I was happy when the Affordable Healthcare Act was passed, but I feel as if this is only the first step and it will only take us to what South Korea has which is a tier system; the poor gets the bare minimum and the rich have the luxury of shorter lines, better equipment, better-trained doctors, etc. While I think it's a step in the right direction, I still hold firm that higher income level does not entitle you to better chance of survival when you're sick. Instead, taxes should be raised and everyone should have an equally good chance. A common criticism of Canadian healthcare is that lines are always very long. I think this is because of two reasons: One, nobody ever decides not to go to the hospital because they can't afford it. "When in doubt, ask a doctor" is the attitude, as it should be. Two, most science-oriented students nowadays go into engineering or computer science rather than medicine. This can be fixed by encouraging more biology in schools, making more med school scholarships, etc. The solution is not to re-think the entire system. TL;DR Universal healthcare is worth the higher taxes and longer lines because all people get the same care regardless of income level, you never have to choose between food or medicine, and hospital bills will never bankrupt you