So, DC is adding a museum to the Smithsonian and it is the African American History and Culture Museum. Normally, I'm all for adding museums and making more available for the public to see and providing resources for people to learn, but I don't think this museum is a good idea in its current form. Here's why: 1. There is currently an American History Museum and African American history is and should be strongly present in that museum. African American history is American history. 2. If anything, they should be building a second American History museum and spreading the exhibits out so that everything is better incorporated and less segregated. Creating a separate museum seems divisive. Like saying, "Here's American (white people) history, if you want to learn about other people who live here, they have separate museums." 3. There are already a lot of museums. People who come to DC try to fit in as much as they can and the most popular museums are Natural History, Air and Space, and American History. People are probably going to pick only one history museum unless they're really into it. If the reason for the museum is to get more people to learn about black history and culture, it seems like it would be a better move to have that history spread out and incorporated into American History parts 1 and 2 (possibly based on time periods). I understand if people may be unhappy that there isn't enough in the American History Museum about minorities or women, but the way to solve that isn't to create a separate museum. Creating a separate museum just intensifies feelings of separateness. So, I really want to believe the new museum will do more good than not, but it honestly seems like a bad idea to me. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!