Laws that surpass their natural jurisdiction (by claiming to hold the ability to punish you if you do something that the law enforcement system cannot detect whatsoever) are dangerous. For this situation, assume that there are certain pieces of information about you that nobody in or related to an enforcement group can identify (wether you drank water, are a witch, thought about CMV, etc.). This is to model a slightly different real-world scenario The idea is as simple as an idea like this: The workplace or school you attend mandates that all employeesstudents drink exactly a glass and a half of water before coming to work. How can they enforce that rule? There is no way. How would they accuse someone of breaking the rule? There is no way. The rule as a whole is utterly ridiculous and unacceptable because of these two things. It might as easily be "No thinking about CMV posts at bedtime." If there was a ban time for this, or any other punishment, it would be unjust because of the impossibility that the justice could be distributed equally. What if I drank two whole glasses of water? Will Joe be in trouble as well, even though nobody knows he drank only one glass of water this morning? Essentially, it is what made the Salem witch trials possible. How was the law to enforce something it was as undetectable as wether or not somebody is a witch? If you didn't tell anybody "hey, I'm a witch," and acted like everyone else, you would be completely unsuspicious and would avoid all trouble. This would also apply to much more extreme situations. These laws rely on the actions of the individual to condemn themselves. In such situations, it is almost certain that society is not being harmed because if the action that is outlawed is not detectable in any way (drug tests, interviews, appearance, browsing history), it has no immediate effects on the environment. From what I understand of the bill of rights, it is unlawful to "be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself" under the 5th amendment. Wouldn't this suggest that because the only path for evidence in a case against a person under such circumstances would be providing evidence for their crime (because nobody else can identify these certain unspecified facts), it would violate the bill of rights of a US citizen? How much weight does such an observation hold in the world as a whole? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!