I am in a sentencing class right now in law school, so naturally we are analyzing the various reasons for why we punish people and why we use prison and other forms of punishment. Chief in today's discussion was the idea that putting someone in prison for a white collar crime (see definition below). They should be forced to work to rectify the wrongs they have committed. Now granted, the most heinous of offenses where billions of dollars are stolen, would be hard to pay off. The only reason the criminal made so much was because he was acting illegally, but even in those cases the victim receives only a small portion of their money back. (see sources). Also most So why bother with prison sentences for them.We could very easily make these people's lives a living hell by simply treating them like people on probation (very strict probation such as the SWIFT courts in Texas or the HOPE program from Hawaii) where their every movement is tracked and recorded and they have to answer for placing a toe out of line. We could force them to work in some fashion and simply take, in addition to all of their other assets, a large percentage of their income to help repay their victims. They are skilled and knowledgable people, if their intelligence is effectively put to work they could actually help people. Ultimately, if they refuse or do not cooperate, throw them in prison for a year or two and see if they change their mind. So I put it to you, what is wrong with this alternative approach? Am I missing something? Is there some notion of justice that this is violating? I am more than willing to discuss the idea that this does not punish a person fairly, but I think that the goal for fixing a crime like this has to be restitution, not merely punishment, so that might just be an area where people have to agree to disagree. I dunno, I am anxious to hear some other thoughts on this. Def: White collar crime: financially motivated nonviolent crime committed by business and government professionals. Within criminology, it was first defined by sociologist Edwin Sutherland in 1939 as "a crime committed by a person of respectability and high social status in the course of his occupation" (straight from google search and thus Wiki) Sources: (Madoff victim compensation) (SWIFT probation program in Texas, opinion piece about it, but still describes what it is) (A whole bunch of information about White collar Crimes from the FBI, if anyone wants to analyze or see it). EDIT: (1-31-15 11:40 am). I wanted to address a few points that are brought up a few people because they keep getting mentioned. 1. Yes, there are other crimes that are non-violent that would deserve similar treatment. I'm not talking about those, only white collar crime. It's not a crime to not want to discuss every single crime, just focus on white collar for this argument. I personally believe every crime is different and needs a special approach depending on the situations and people involved. Just because I am advocating this position for most white collar criminals does not mean I have forgotten about other crimes. 2. Yes, you can force people to do just about any sort of work while on probation. Probation is an alternative to imprisonment and comes with any number of requirements. This would be no different. How they make the money might be an issue and many might not be in a position or have the capability to repay what they have stolen. For them, jail time would be appropriate. Madoff for example probably couldn't pay back 20 billion dollars, but even in jail they can't rectify thief wrong. They can't make up for it behind bars. 3. We could force people to do this work while in prison, but probation is cheaper and is supplemented by the people under its supervision. Also overcrowding is an issue, this would help with that to at least some degree. Probation also doesn't require near the amount of staff that a prison does. Also, if you are waitress about them escAping while on probation, the moment they fled they become a fugitive like everyone else on probation, and I have no issue putting fugitives in jail. 4. Many people say jail time is an effective deterrent. I flatly disagree and await proof to the contrary. My evidence is simply the crimes still occur despite the jail sentences. Although that could be a whole other CMV. 5. This is the first time I have posted to this subreddit and frankly I am impressed by the civility in the discourse and very happy I posted this. While no one has effectively changed my view, I see more of the problems associated with it. It has all been very appreciated.