Inpsired by [this] article here, I believe that it is completely outrageous that people who are making something at home for their own personal consumption (or even for sale) are locked up and have the wear the badge of an ex-felon for the rest of their life. There are a few arguments against at-home distillation and I will address them and attempt to explain why they are nonsense. The first argument is that the product is potentially dangerous. This is true, an unskilled distiller could have high concentrations of methanol in their brew that can make you sick, blind you, or even kill you. This is nonsense because the same dangers can apply to foods as well. Improperly stored or prepared food can be just as dangerous. Eating improperly cooked hamburger can kill you with E. Coli bacteria, chicken has salmonella, and there are a whole host of foods that can receive cross contamination or trigger allergic reactions in those sensitive to them such as nuts. The fact that something can potentially make you sick is not near enough reason to make it illegal. There are ways to test the methanol content of distilled alcohols. The person making it doesn't want to drink that and if he's selling it I think he would clearly not want to get into a legal battle for poisoning a customer. Distilling at home is potentially dangerous. You are heating up large quantities of liquid under pressure, stills can explode and so forth. This is also nonsense. Pressure cookers operate on the same principle and have a number of safety mechanisms built in as do designs of home-built stills. Nobody wants a bomb in their house and making things illegal because they are dangerous would be foolish in the first place. Motorcycles, fireplaces, barbecues, cigarettes, and so forth are dangerous but not illegal. The last argument I've heard is that distilling at home harms licensed distilleries. This may be true, but in that same vein if I make a sandwich at home I am hurting subway. If I make a hamburger I am hurting McDonalds. Frankly the guy at home brewing a few gallons of moonshine taking a bit of business away from a multi-billion dollar industry is not very convincing to me. Distilling is an art, a hobby, and can even be part of a heritage. There are a number of distilled spirits from Africa, South America, and Asia that are difficult or impossible to find in the United States at your local BevMo and if someone wants to make corn whisky or apple brandy, they should be allowed to do so without having their doors kicked in by armed me and arrested. Change my view.