EDIT: posted from a throwaway, for obvious reasons. I am hoping the mods will allow it anyways.:) There is a constant stream of propaganda from media and politicians of all kind, to denounce racism. I still find myself disliking certain groups: namely nearly all group who are not mostly European or East Asian. Indians are "OK." I have nothing against skin colour even though I wouldn't want such people in my family, in order to keep my heritage. But I love Japanese people and I think, given a Western culture, the Chinese will be friendly people too. But almost all other groups are very unsuccessful, violent, and above all, stupid. Not stupid as in "they lack education and are possessed by religion." That is ALSO true. But I mean at the biological, genetic level. And yes, there ARE in fact many studies showing significant differences between the races. In fact, Asians come out on top (I am not Asian). I think Africa produces virtually zero net worth for the world, of any kind of capital (financial, scientific, cultural) and everything would be just so much better if they did not exist. Though, mind you, I do not believe in violence so I am not advocating any actions based on my view that they are significantly, significantly "worse" in all meaningful human regards. However, it feels like I have a lot of society against me. Nobody talks about it. Lots of people do it in private but they wont admit it. I wish I didn't hate most people. I have to have an opinion about "them," because they are everywhere. Even though birth rates are dropping, they are dropping from such a high level that almost completely useless people will outnumber the sophisticated ones. I will never be rid of them, even if I am rich and move to neighbourhoods only for wealthy people - they will still affect the country and the planet by their existence and by their participation in democracies. I want someone to try change my view, but not with the silly oneliners "oh that IQ evidence was refuted, my insert favourite lefty author or columnist refuted it." Whilst not EVERY study ever made displays large biological differences between the races; many, many studies still do and they have even done MRI scans of brain volumes. Even when correcting for socioeconomic factors, poor Asians' brains were larger than rich first-world brains belonging to people of African origins. When such differences exist, it just seems so obvious that all other differences probably exist and form a continuum. The IQ evidence is huge. Sad, but huge. All humans are 99 similar to each other, but humans are 96 similar to chimpanzees and 94 similar to orangutans etc. I have met many indians and asians from very poor backgrounds who learn things very quickly, and have high IQs. I have not done the same for Africans and only very seldomly for people of Middle Eastern origin. I wont go through EVERY study I ever read, but I can assure you that socioeconomic factors, culture, learning in schools, public policy, childhood nutrition, stereotype effects, lack of role models, and every single little thing in the world has been tested for, corrected for. Could more studies be done? Yes. But the picture is already so clear: everytime we measure the different groups, they differ greatly even after correcting for these factors. Sure, you could build up a conspiracy theory around how many airy-fairy, "soft" hidden factors somehow conspire to ALWAYS pick on one group and to favouritize another. But why would every factor on the world somehow conspire to make Japanese people have high IQs AND large brains AND perform better economically AND have a higher-standing culture AND have developed their own writing AND make them perform faster on reaction time effects. And why would those factors similarly, but oppositely, "pick on" Africans or people of Middle Eastern descent? Even when those people are several generations detached from their homeland, the differences persist, such as in the US (otherwise you could postulate that African soil was filled with lead and the above would follow). In general, the groups I have mentioned produce nothing of value and their numbers should be kept very low. They should be encouraged to have as few children as possible, and should be kept outside the West. Furthermore, I do believe those few that DO have high IQs should be able to emigrate and accepted with more or less open arms, provided they pass several tests on their personality, genes etc. I just simply cannot see how (short of some massive conspiracy theory bordering on mental insanity and a complete surrender of common sense and quantitative thinking) a thinking and well-informed person could not seriously dislike most members of said groups. But maybe, just maybe, someone can change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!