I reiterate: The message of sex ed shouldn't be "We're not endorsing you having sex, but if you do, you should be safe." Instead, we should actively encourage teenage sexual experimentation (under safe conditions), and teach them practical lessons about how to have good sex. Note that I'm limiting this to older teenagers - I'm not sure it's necessary to teach early teens how to be good at sex. This is mainly about 16-18 year olds and such. Reasons: Firstly: Sexual experience informs people about their own sexual identity - so by encouraging strings-free sexual encounters, we encourage long-term relationships between sexually incompatible partners. You know how since the gay rights movement, so many previously married people have realized that they're flaming homosexuals and have decided to get divorced? Have you ever wondered how someone could possibly be in a long lasting marriage without even realizing they're not attracted to their spouse? The answer is obviously that they got married before having a mature understanding of their sexuality. This is only changing because in recent decades it's far more acceptable for people to have sexual relationships before marriage - and it seems reasonable that people with sexual experience are more likely to understand their own sexuality. Furthermore, oblivious homosexuals are just the tip of the iceberg. There are so many sexual identities and quirks that can make people incompatible. Take asexuals, as an example. I'm inclined to believe there are many more asexuals than we realize, given how damn long it takes for some of them to realize that they don't even enjoy boning. [Scott Alexander, a blogger who is asexual, writes about this experience] : I took a surprisingly long time to realize I was asexual. When I was a virgin, I figured sex was one of those things that seemed gross before you did it, and then you realized how great it was. Afterwards, I figured it was something that didn't get good until you were skilled at it and had been in a relationship long enough to truly appreciate the other person. In retrospect, pretty much every aspect of male sexual culture is a counterargument to that theory, but I guess it's just really hard for my brain to generate "you are a mental mutant" as a hypothesis. Scott also happens to be an unusually progressive person when it comes to these matters: if he, a progressive male, took forever to realize that he didn't like sex, how long would it take for a woman from a more conservative background? Imagine if that woman got married without much sexual experience to a heterosexual man? She would feel pressured to endure something she hated, and her entirely well meaning husband would have an awful, chemistry free sexual life. Had she experimented when she were younger, both partners could have ended up in far more satisfying relationships. Second: When men are not taught about sexuality, they 'learn' from porn instead. I don't need to throw statistics at you for you to know that porn use is almost universal among sexual young men with internet access. I don't have anything against porn at all, but there is absolutely a problem when that's how men are learning about sex. This is because for the sake of aesthetics porn paints a grossly distorted mirror of what sexuality is like - whether it's the women who have screaming orgasms from vaginal intercourse alone, or the men with 8" penises who can fuck for hours on end, or the idea that facials are a typical part of sex and something that most women enjoy - porn is absolutely rubbish for education. I know this from experience: I started watching frequently from when I was about 12, and it was my only source of sexual knowledge until I lost my virginity. For three years I was eating up this shitty misrepresentation of female sexuality, and I believed it for much longer. Going on into adulthood I still had no idea that women need clitoral stimulation, and I only learned because I'm interested enough in the topic to have actually read books about this. I doubt most men have. Yes, this has consequences. Namely, that many straight women have rubbish sex because men watch so much fucking porn. A while ago I asked raskwomen whether they had faked an orgasm before. The majority said yes. One reply was particularly illustrative: I had a partner at the time where it was very important to him that I cum. And so I tried to give him what he wanted at least visually, because I couldn't give it to him in reality. And he couldn't give it to me, no matter how hard either of us tried. With my first partner, we were both virgins when we married, so we were figuring it out together. But I think I was very much being measured against the women in porn and found wanting. There were sometimes of him standing at the bottom of the bed, naked, and asking me why I didn't react like a normal girl. Can you honestly say that this would have happened if her boyfriend had learned about sex from anything other than porn? When guys are taught that women are supposed cum, or that they're supposed to enjoy straight vaginal, this is exactly what happens. Finer details, like the importance of reciprocity and foreplay that's enjoyable for both partners, are totally ignored. This can ruin relationships, or at the very least make them very unhappy. By providing a realistic and detailed description of sexuality for teenagers, this can be completely avoided. Lastly: Knowledge about sexuality, whether it's for adults or teenagers, is bad on an epidemic level. The Hite report, which is admittedly a bit old now, found that [only a quarter of women regularly orgasm from vaginal intercourse] . Meanwhile, a further quarter has never orgasmed from intercourse at all, and another 12 have never orgasmed ever. For a majority of women, orgasm is no easy feat; you need to be in the right mood, you need to be highly aroused, you need to be stimulated in just the right way. My SO, who is by no means chaste, came from intercourse for the first time a good few months after we'd started regular sex - and that took work. It turned out that she could only come if she was lying in a certain position, had a vibrator on her clit, and we were doing it for a reasonable while. That women frequently have specific requirements for orgasm is not obvious to most people - giving us these horribly low rates of sexual satisfaction. This is not obvious for men or women. Women I've talked to frequently say that they didn't know they were doing something wrong; that sex was something that only men could enjoy. As far as I can tell, physical intimacy is hugely important for successful relationships among sexual people; so by providing men and women with a good idea of how to make sex enjoyable (which they need), we improve people's chances of successful long term relationships. My other points are mainly elaborations of those: That teenagers are forming ideas about sex anyway, so we might as well give them a good one; that it would most likely destigmatize sexuality, which would be good for everyone; that teenagers would associate the sexual health they're taught in the same class with their sexuality, so sexual health would probably be taken more seriously; that upon knowing what a healthy sexual relationship is like, people can also know if they're in a sexually abusive relationship. TL; DR Teaching teenagers about sex and encouraging them to safely experiment will help people understand themselves better, help them and their partners enjoy sex more, and help them establish happier relationships. Change my view. Apologies for the essay.