I've been a comic book fan for a long time but for even longer I've been frustrated with the popularity of Superman. Here's my case: -Source of powers sucks: SM is widely considered to be one of, if not THE, most powerful superhero in the DC universe and yet, what's the source of his powers? The EARTH's sun. This makes his powers completely arbitrary and a simple accident of birth. Most importantly, he's not really inherently powerful at all making the whole "christ-figure" subtext of his family sending him to earth as the last surviving member of his race ineffective. -He's too powerful, making for boring unrelatable story-lines: Besides the obvious proportionality issue with his strength (i.e. how can a man that can lift a train, also use this same strength to punch a human crook without having his fist go through his chest?) having a godlike figure defending the city from everyday crime is about as exciting as watching me use my "god-like" RAID weapon to kill my bathroom cockroaches. Not much of a battle and certainly not an interesting one. -In order to address my last point, we give you Kryptonite! The most boring idea to build a storyline around ever and yet one that is required in almost every circumstance where SM must battle common humans. It's such a freaking cop out and just so dull. -BatmanSuperman partnerships only showcase the problems with the conception of SM: I love Batman and think that he's is a wonderful character that has developed beautifully over the decades. But even the idea that he would exist in the same world as SM is kind of stupid and pairing them together only highlights the fact that the SM creators really wrote themselves into a corner with SM and his largely unlimited powers. What can BM honestly bring to a pairing of the two? I really don't envy the writers of the new BMSM movie. -The nature of SM's powers doesn't arouse the imagination: I know this is comic book fiction but I want some plausible explanation that would allow me to suspend disbelief and buy into this world for second. It doesn't have to be likely, just logical. Dr. Strange's powers? Magic; I'm satisfied. Spiderman? Genetic mixing amplified by radiation; I'm satisfied. Superman?....his skin or something absorbs Vitamin D in a way that makes him capable of pretty much anything including the ability to fly...This isn't good sci-fi fantasy, it's laziness, and while now many writers have attempted to retcon his back story to make it seem like it makes more sense, all the back and forth just belies the fact that not much real thought (or respect to the readers) was given when creating exposition here. Ok I'll stop ranting. I know this character is beloved and I'll probably be wildly downvoted for this but I truly believe that the admiration bestowed on this character is wholly undeserved.