This is not a troll post. But what I'm about to say is so fucked up, I thought about stooping down low and making a throwaway account.... God help me. Anyways here goes: I would not say I'm against gay marriage, but I think it's okay to be against gay marriage. And I'm gay. So, a few weeks ago, Derrick Gordon (U of Mass basket ball player) came out, the first known Div 1 college hoop star to do this. Then went on date a 47 year old man and it was rumored that they are dating.... and later Derrick Gordon himself confirmed it on Twitter. I am not from the east coast, and I do not know Derrick personally, in fact I had never heard of him until he came out. But he has replied to me a couple times on Twitter, so there is some type of friendship there. Up until today, I was all for gay marriage because of equality, love, etc... (you've heard all those arguments, wont bore them with you here). But now I see why people can be against love. I am completely disgusted and thoroughly offended by this relationship. This news shook me to my core. I still do not believe it. I do not believe I'll ever get used to it. Before today, I thought it was bigotry to say two people shouldn't be together. But upon reading this story, I so strongly want these two to not be together that I am kind of seeing where Republicans are coming from when they say someone's love is so abhorrent and should not be allowed. If you are a person who is disgusted by another person's relationship... then you and I are in the same boat. I will not label you a "hateful bigot" for not wanting to people to be together. The very thought of Derrick Gordon and Gerald McCollough getting married is so repulsive to me. I struggle to keep my food down just thinking of it. There has to be some way to prevent this from happening, and I'm considering joining the anti gay marriage group. Because I am the government. The government is made of the people. And I strongly disapprove of this, and I as a member of my government demand that this savagery be disallowed in law and not affirmed by legal marriage. I'm considering, would it be worth it to remove gay marriage rights from ALL gays across the country just to prevent this unholy union from even being able to occur? I am not sure. I'm praying that either this whole thing is a joke, or Gerald is rich and Derrick Gordon is just his sugarbabywhore, because that's still pretty gross but totally understandable. We've all been there. A 47 year old white man lusting after a caramel skinned, 6'3" muscular 22 year old is normal, but the other way around..... Inconceivable. Am I jealous that I Derrick is really fucking sexy and mad that he's with some old dude instead of me? Absolutely. In fact, whenever I hear about a young ugly guy with a older man, I'm happy for them. But Derrick Gordon is hot, so he's not allowed to do this. I feel as the LGBT community we cannot allow our young hotties to be with older men for free. TLDR: I am a gay man who is almost against gay marriage. Please for the love of God change my view. I cannot believe I'm bigoted against my own damn people. I just re read what i wrote. I am a fucked up person, but it's how I feel. Please change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!