Hi, CMV! I find the whole controversy around Brendan Eich's resignation to be very confusing and I'm not totally sure where I stand on everything. I certainly don't think that anything illegal occurred (free speech is not freedom from boycotting and criticism), but I nonetheless am uncomfortable with what has happened. Here's my reasoning, please feel free to CMV! I'd like to take as a premise that instituting gay marriage into law is desirable and that homosexual relationships are not immoral. Brendan Eich is, thus, on the wrong side of morality and his support of Prop 8 is misguided and violates what should be the legal rights of many citizens. Even that into account, I still don't like what has happened. In order for society and culture to improve it must, of necessity, change. If you have a scenario where the popular opinion on morality is enforced by peer pressure and tactics like this it is then difficult and dangerous for people in public positions to hold anything but the popular opinions on morality. As a result, the status quo of society is continually enforced. This is not desirable for society because we want to be able to change our minds on morality! We want it to be acceptable to hold ideas that go against the grain on important issues because we want to have the power and ability to change people's minds and change the way society thinks about those issues. Many of the important social claims of the day (gay marriage should be legal, women should have the freedom to get an abortion, etc) were considered abhorrent as early as a generation ago. It's desirable for society that people can hold unpopular opinions without being demonized or hurt for their views after all, a lot of current positions were unpopular not too long ago! If we demonize and put pressure on people who disagree with us on issues or morality we should realize that we all were in the minority, once, about issues that matter to us. This is getting long; the main counter-argument to the above is that holding alternate opinions on morality is fine, actively contributing material (in this case, 1000) to hurting other people is not fine and should be punished accordingly. I'm not totally sure what to think about this; it seems important to me that Prop 8 was a ballot initiative that did pass with majority support and was only later declared unconstitutional. Surely 1000 in support of the measure is worth less than the vote itself? And, if so, isn't everyone who voted for Prop 8 guilty of the same thing as Eich? Would we be comfortable with harassing everyone who voted for it? Somehow, I think not. I also think it's important to note that there's no evidence whatsoever of Eich using his position as CEO to discriminate against homosexual employees. tl;dr: We want society to be able to change it's mind on important moral questions, therefore we want it to be possible to hold alternative views on important moral issues without fearing repercussions from society. I'm a busy grad student; I will do what I can to respond to responses I find interesting.