We're all stuck in our mediocre lives laced with misery. We're stuck in meaningless places for hours every day to pay the rent of a shitty house we don't even want to live in. We get put through 12 compulsory years that are nothing short of torture, where you lose all of your confidence and self-worth, learning things that we'll forget by the time we're 30. We stuff ourselves with expensive materialised items desperately trying to fill the emptiness that consumes us. We waste our time with people we don't even like (dare say love) because we know that we can't do any better. We trade our happiness for meaningless pieces of metal and paper which is supposed to buy us everything we will ever need. We're sat here on our top of the range computers that we spent our last three grand on, mourning our shitty lives that have no meaning to them. There's no love in this world. People spread hate for no reason, other to feel better about themselves. We lie in bed dreaming of the day when we will be rich and famous, when people will look up to, and love every single inch of us. Our goal in life is for nothing but to fill a hole that has been created by nothing but civilisation itself. Imagine if we were still animals, out in the jungle, we walked around naked, and it didn't matter. We could go anywhere, and fuck anyone we want. We have come to the point where teenage girls are slitting their wrists and tying nooses around their necks, wishing that they won't see the light of the day solely because people have lead them to feel this way. Then they get doped up on antidepressants and mood stabilisers (and god knows what else) which will apparently fix them. But they are the smart ones. Their brains don't need fixing. The world needs fixing. This entire society is one formed on oblivion, fuelled from nothing but hatred and it t all seems stupid to me. What's the point to this stupid would that we've created for ourselves. This sick world that revolves around nothing but making people like you, and money. Please, illuminate me.