Note: I originally posted this in rexplainlikeimfive, but I realized it would probably be better suited to here. I've been thinking about the concept of a "month." Is there any reason for it to exist? It seems like it would be simpler to have something like "Day 48" instead of "February 17." At the moment, the year is split up into twelve chunks, but they're not quite equal, their lengths appear to have no logical order aside from summing to 365 or 366, and one of them has a different length every 4 years. Whenever we refer to the frequency of an event as, say, "once a month," we could just as easily say that it's "once every 30 days." Clarification: I'm saying that as it is, "once a month" is very imprecise anyway since months have varying lengths. For anything that can be this arbitrary, "once every 30 days" works just as well. Leap years would also be extremely simple; instead of adding a day to a particular month, a day could just be added to a year. The year would then go up to Day 366 instead of Day 365. Here's an example of why I think a calendar without months would be easier. Suppose it's Saturday, September 20th, or Day 263. Let's suppose I wanted to figure out what day of the week December 5th (Day 339) would be. To figure it out in my head using the current months system, I would have to go through the following procedure (which could probably be reduced a bit, but not greatly): 920 is a Saturday 927 is a Saturday 930 is a Tuesday 107 is a Tuesday 1028 is a Tuesday 1031 is a Friday 117 is a Friday 1128 is a Friday 1130 is a Saturday 127 is a Saturday 125 is a Friday On the other hand, if I wanted to figure out the same thing using a "numbered-day system," it would be simple: (Day 339) - (Day 263) (76 days) 6 days (mod 7). Therefore, Day 339 is 6 days later than a Saturday, so it's a Friday. EDIT: uchewy628 sort of changed my view by referencing the [International Fixed Calendar] , which uses many of the same ideas I expressed here while making it less math-intensive. At this point I've been convinced that the International Fixed Calendar would be a better system than the one I propose, but I also think that the IFC is better than the current calendar. Consider this "answered," but if you disagree about the last point feel free to change my view on that too I'll still be reading comments. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!