I'll start my CMV with this phrase: "Just 6 months ago they had to ask to go to the bathroom." I find this to be a particularly strong argument concerning responsibility between parents and their kids. While I think it's definitely time for someone to consider what they're going to do with their life, and how they're going to do it in lower economical situations it's very difficult to get off the ground as an 18 year old. Things like a vehicle and a first job can be absurdly hard to obtain and though the person is an "adult" for legal reasons, they honestly don't have the resources an adult should have at their disposal. The reason I suggest 20, is that if a child cannot be threatened with being removed from the household because their of a certain age and they don't have any obligations I think 2 years outside of high school is a very real fighting chance to gain real independence while ensuring parents aren't entirely stuck with their potentially deadbeat kid forever. A secondary part of my argument is that up until their 17 teens have very limited opportunities outside of high school to develop themselves and build meaningful connections that will benefit them right out of high school, and so the 18-20 range would give them the chance to develop themselves to the extent needed to survive. Weather that means working or going to school should be up to the person in question, but said person should have a roof over their head while they figure it out. Edit: Another issue to consider is that with financial aid disbursement, students have to use their parents taxes till age 23 a lot of the time which might mean they have to put college off significantly if they get caught in a poor situation with the bureaucratic red tape. Also, please assume that under these circumstances I'm not considering the outlier issues that come from such a change (such as arguments for dads concerning abortion. Or how the legal system would handle financial responsibility.) I know that issues like this exist, but they are tangential and so won't really change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!