I am an agnostic atheist and would even call myself antitheist, but my folks were religious. Not very, and they never forced stuff on me. Is a description of my experience with it growing up. I was brought up by nonreligious parents who identified as Hindu. My grandparents are Hindu and strongly so. Now it's a pretty lax religion with no central doctrine - which is why I'm not so much against it, but I am glad for that upbringing. It gave me things that a purely atheistic upbringing would not have. Primary the food and tradition. Festivals were a time for families to get together, brush misunderstanding under the table and have fun for a day. Sure there were some prayers, but we kids always sneaked off and were never any worse for it. It was like Christmas and Santa - except it happened multiple times in a year. And we had a little house garden on the roof, and I used to wake up early in the morning and pluck flowers for the prayer. It was a ritual - but it was hardly religious for me. That's not to say that Hinduism is harmless - far from it. But a lot of the ills came from the state of society at the time, and there are some aspects of the festivals I would have changed. And a number of ills in Indian society are as a result of Hinduism. But the religion is so lax that with a changing society the only things that have more or less stayed the same are the celebrations. There aren't social rituals or traditions which are atheistic in nature which I have been part of which had the fun-ness of the religious festivals of my childhood. Religion creates stories, an oral tradition, encourages fun for its sake, creates a vibrant culture that is communal in nature. Atheism is deeply personal and is not defined by anything. So in essence - having treated, and being allowed to treat religion as nothing more than some rituals with little of the actual devotion I think a lot of it is something I would consider worth preserving. Now I like the fact that these festivals existed and people take time to celebrate them. It's kind of like a fan convention - with great food and celebration. Diwali, Holi, Christmas, Eid and many more. Perhaps you can say Halloween, but it is a very exclusionary holiday (kids trick or treat, teens are in some weird limbo, college kids go crazy and it is less accepting of older people). Thanksgiving is based on questionable grounds and is - in my opinion - rather dull. No; not 4th of July. The gift exchanges and such (not SS) give me some hope for secular celebration (of sorts), but it is too limited in scope and definitely doesn't have the scale. Perhaps you will regale me of historical celebrations. I would love to hear of them, but they don't seem to currently exist really and there don't seem to be any interest in setting them up. I suppose carnivals and concerts - but relatively these too are limited in scope. Anyway - I am of course assuming that these things are interesting and fun and shouldn't go away so saying "good riddiance" is not a convincing argument.