We're just monkeys. Right now, you, are just a stupid fucking monkey with stupid fucking thoughts and desires and feelings, most of which don't even have words for in our language. Speaking of language, the entire thing practical revolves around separating us from "animals." Guess what. You are. You putting food in the fridge is no different from a squirrel burrying its nuts. You seeking a mate to procreate with is no different from a beaver doing the same. A city is no different from an ant hive. Electricity is no different from any other method of manipulating the world. It's no different from a seal building a home, it's no different from a bird building a nest. The ONLY difference between humans and any other animals. The ONLY difference, is an issue of scale. You're a fucking dumbass monkey, deal with it. It freaks people the fuck out. You can never talk about shit like this in public. We have religions that people will fucking kill themselves and thousands of others over just to maintain the delusion. Why does no one talk about this? Even those who will admit it and accept and study the field of Evolution (and I mean actually do it, not just be a god damned neckbeard parroting Carl Sagan, as much as I love the man and Cosmos myself) only admit it tangentially. They still get awkward and uncomfortable about this. They still say "we have technology and art.." as if Technology was anything more than an issue of scale, and as if preferences of physical patterns or objects and the chemical releases as a result are unique to us (You could say your dog having a favourite toy is no different in this physical world from you enjoying the Mona Lisa.) Coming to this realization was life changing to me. You could call it an existential crisis, maybe it is. But it's more than that. It's a fundamental truth of our universe and reality and I feel like I'm taking fucking crazy pills because no one wants to admit it or talk about it. On the contract, with our movies, culture, language, religion, even the entire basis of manners.. it's all designed to all us to continue to illusion and delusion. I mean, how many fucking times have mothers said "get your elbows off the table, what are you, an animal?" Guess what. That kid fucking is, we're not different because we have arbitrary rules (I'd also contend that a dog nipping another to stop it doing something that bothered it is no different from a mom exerting her desire for control. Perhaps even she has a personal fear of the real.) Is it peoples mortality that scares them? Maybe I'm a bit different because I have a spinal disease and can't feel my body, have little connection to it, and don't give a shit one way or another if I die. I don't know. TLDR: