There are people, on the internet especially, who "ship" certain character pairings in TV shows. Fans or "shippers" will go to amazing lengths to show their dedication to that "ship." I feel this is mostly harmless with animated shows, but when it happens to a live-action show's fandom, it's incredibly disrespectful to the actors. The prime example I will be using is the TV Show "Supernatural" and the "Destiel" ship, where the male character Castiel played by Misha Collins is portrayed to be in a romanticsexual relationship with Dean Winchester, played by Jensen Ackles. I can understand fanfiction and fanart, but when the sexually-invasive questions show up in many convention panels where they ask if Misha will kiss Jensen, or when photo manipulations of Misha and Jensen kissing show up on the internet, I become increasingly uncomfortable and wonder why this is allowed to go on as far as it has. Not taking legal action against it is understandable considering the pervasiveness of the internet, but it seems these fans have absolutely no idea that what they could be doing is inherently disrespectful. When it clear the actors themselves are not that orientation, it should NOT be okay to portray them in those situations. Or at the very least, it should be looked down upon. Change my view. Edit: I decided to give some references to what I am talking about. To those unfamiliar with the Supernatural TV show, Dean and Castiel function more or less like battle buddies and there is ambiguous sexual tension at times. Dean has been portrayed as heterosexual and Castiel as (more or less) asexual. I googled "destiel" to pick out some photo manipulations of what I view as incredibly inappropriate and disrespectful to the actors that portray these characters. Keep in mind that none of these situations actually happen in the show. Also all of these photos are homoerotic in nature but don't show the lower half of the body, so if that's NSFW, then be aware. edit2: I would also like to note my view spans across all live-action shows. I only use Supernatural as an example as this problem seems to be the most prevalent within that specific fandom.