Hear me out on this one. The other day I had to step in and help a woman who was quite obviously uncomfortable with the way a man at the bar we were all at was talking to her. She said thank you, I apologized, and she said "Oh it's okay, it's something you kind of expect when you go out." And she started telling me TONS of stories about similar, and worse encounters. I spend a lot of time going to gay bars, and the energy there is just completely different. Every person in the room has guaranteed been flirted with before, comfortably, and uncomfortably, and are thus a lot more polite about it. They can all empathize with what it feels like to be on the receiving end of a man flirting with you when you're not interested. I've never had an uncomfortable situation arise with turning anyone down, which as a straight man happens pretty much every time someone hits on me at a gay bar. None of my "awkward" stories even compared to anything close to what this woman at the bar experienced basically every time she went out. Why is that? Simple. Straight men usually have no idea what it feels like to be in that situation. Girls don't often uncomfortably hit on them, thus they shoehorn themselves into this terrifying predator prey relationship and as a result we get tons of terrible sexual assault and uncomfortable situations. The solution? I think the world would be a better place if bars and nightclubs hired a group of intimidating, hairy gay men to roam around their establishment uncomfortably hitting on the guys there. Show them some humility, put them in the same position they put women. Obviously every guy isn't the type of person who would uncomfortably hit on a woman, or worse, but most guys are the types of guys who would just ignore that sort of thing if they saw it, shrugging it off as a symptom of dating culture. These people could also benefit from knowing what it feels like to be hit on by a big gay bear man. Edit: Obviously this is a silly solution to a serious problem. Please also try and CMV that there are better ways to handle the issue! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!