Restricting voting privileges solely based on age seems to me no less arbitrary or unfair than doing so based on skin color or gender. I believe that no sort of argument can be brought against this claim that was not also brought against earlier claims of gender and racial equality in voting rights. Note that I'm not arguing for what I think the better criterion would be (I'll leave that for another thread) I'm just claiming that using an age-based cutoff is unethical. Some reasons I hold this view: - Many children are perfectly able to make reasoned, autonomous choices - Children have a greater stake in the future than anyone else - Children are perhaps the most disempowered people in society at a given time; they have no existing representation - Children are just as affected by laws as anyone else, and sometimes they are uniquely affected by them - Children have a freshness of viewpoint that would bring a useful new perspective to political decisions - Being able to vote would increase children's sense of responsibility at an earlier age Common objections to this claim, and my (very brief) rebuttals: - "So you'd let a baby vote?" No, there would still be some criteria for eligibility. It just wouldn't be based on age. - "Well, they'll be able to vote eventually. Can't they just wait?" This is a totally irrelevant point. My claim is that their human rights are being violated now. - "But they'd just vote the way their parents tell them to." Influence from others, even of a very strong sort, is not unique to children. This happens with adults too. In those cases where parental persuasion would border on coercion, we can institute safeguards. In any event, the problem there would be with the parents, not the children, and someone's being coerced is no basis for depriving them of their rights. - "It'd be too hardinconvenient to come up with alternative criteria for who can vote and who can't." Inconvenience is a terrible reason for limiting someone's rights. - "Children haven't been fully educated yet." Neither have some adults. Also, there's this thing called the Internet!