I know this isn't the MOST controversial topic, but I wanted to see CMV's views on the subject. I've been running pretty consistently for most of my adult life, and was introduced to barefoot running with the rest of the world about 4 years ago Google trends for barefoot running] . Since that time, I've tried minimalist running personally and noticed some changes, but overall, no real improvements in my abilities as a runner (if anything, it encouraged me to be more adventurous and to challenge myself, but this seems more like a side effect than directly related to the alleged "science" behind the shoes). Anyway, I was struck when doing "research" about the Vibram 5 Fingers shoes and queried terms related to "barefoot running" and "minimalist running" and found [this study conducted by Harvard] . It seemed no coincidence that a runner friend of mine cited the exact same study as justification for his minimalist running shoe purchase and he rattled off the same perceived benefits to his running routine that the study suggests one might receive. I realize that Google's SEO algorithm is to blame for us both finding the same study. I appreciate the disclosure of the funding source for the study being Vibram, but it seems strange that Harvard, or anybody else, for that matter, wouldn't have lauded the benefits of this type of running on their own, without being contracted to do so by a company who stands to benefit so directly from the results of the study. Vibram makes rubber soles for lots of other minimalist shoes on the market from many other manufacturers, but they are by no means the only company to cash in on this trend. Nike, New Balance, Brooks and many other manufacturers all offer minimalist shoes that capitalize on the success of the notion that runners should wear less shoe to become better runners. So here's my view and why I hold it: the notion that barefoot running, and in turn, minimalist shoes, are so much better for runners is basically a big lie perpetuated by the folks who make shoes (namely, Vibram) to sell more shoes and make money. Based on my experience, these shoes offer little to no benefit to most runners. I know I'm not the first person to make this claim, but I'd love to hear others' perspectives on the subject. Maybe others found tremendous benefits from the shoes that I didn't?