I sometimes hear people talking about a day when computersrobots are going to be seen as humans or given the rights of humans. But I don't think this will ever happen because there is no way to program a computer to want something. Furthermore, it's not just that technology hasn't reached that point yet, but rather it is logically impossible to happen. And that will always remain a fundamental difference between humans and machines. I've argued with people about this before, but and they usually give one of two ways that a robot can want: 1. A robot wants by doing. When a robot reaches its robot hand for a rock, it wants to pick up this rock. However, this is a fundamental misunderstanding of what it means to want. First, wanting is an internal action; something that happens within your own mindheart, and doesn't require external action (I'm not having sex with Ellen Page right now, but that doesn't mean I don't want to). Second, lots of machines can take mindless actions. Even non-computerized machine. Someone could design a completely non-electric, clockwork machine to reach its hand for a rock, but we can all agree that it doesn't want to grab the rock. 2. A robot wants by containing a desire. A robot simply having the text "I want to go to France" in its memory storage means that it wants to go to France. However, there is a difference between simply holding this sentence in your head and actually wanting to go to France. Take for example, a book with the sentence "I want to go to France," written in it. This book contains the "desire" but doesn't actually desire to go to France, or anything else. As another example, a person could hold a sentence in their head without feeling it. You could be an actor in a play, and memorize the line "I want to go to France" for your part. But holding that sentence in your head doesn't necessitate that you actually want to go to France. With these out of the way, I don't see any possible way a robot or computer could genuinely want something. There's no logical way to program want into a robot. Robots don't act no wants and desires, like humans, they simply act on going through lines of instructions. And this is a fundamental difference which will never change. CMV. EDIT: I'm getting a lot of repeated arguments, so I'm going to put some more responses up here. 3. What do you mean by "want"I don't like your definition of "want". What I mean by want is just the general meaning that people use conversationally, nothing special. To desire something. If you don't like it, tell me one you think is better. 4. How do you know that people want? Because I am a person. And I want stuff. So... even if nobody else wants but me (which is crazy unlikely) I still have at least one example. 5. We can just build a computer to act likeapproximate how a human mind works. That would just be an approximation, not actually wanting anything. Just sort of guessing what a human might want. Similarly, you can have a video of a person asking for something and play it on a computer. This will, to an observer, replicate the computer asking for something and make it seem like the computer "wants" it. But the computer is still just running code. 6. We can build a computer that 100 completely perfectly replicates how a human brain works. No you can't. Computers can't replicate reality. If they could, then you could have a computer that replicated itself, replicating itself, replicating itself... etc. on into infinity. Our universe is too complex to replicate exactly. 7. But computers and brains are basically the same thing. So running off that assumption, it must be that computers can want. Computers and brains aren't basically the same thing, and there's really no evidence that a computer can do everything a brain can. Especially this. Here's what will CMV: describing a logical set of steps that could be programmed into a computer that results in it wanting. Here's what willnot CMV: creatively re-defining "want" to include things that machines already do. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!