Recently there have been allegations of mod censorship in the major default subs - for example, any post with the word "Tesla" was apparently banned from rtechnology. Regardless of whether you believe the conspiracy theories or not (e.g. these mods are being paid off somehow), you have to admit that they wield a lot of power. Roughly 2 million people visit reddit each day, and a small handful of unaccountable mods gets to determine what we see and do not see on our front page. With the mainstream media all owned by 7 corporations, reddit is an important alternative source of free and democratic information (in my opinion). Its supposed to be a place that is free from censorship. But if mods can delete whole threads, with thousands of upvotes and comments, without any transparency as to their reasons and justification for doing so - how do we know that this is not an abuse of their power and responsibility? Currently, its as if subreddits are owned by the mods. "If you don't like it, unsubscribe and start your own subreddit." This philosophy is fine for smaller subreddits, where it is realistic to create an alternative sub and attract subscribers. But is it realistic at all to say to someone, "you don't like how things are run at rtechnology? Fine, unsubscribe and start your own rtechnology." Let's get real. The default subs are here to stay, and they are part of the reddit experience. If reddit were a town, then the default subs would be the town square. The place that is shared and owned by all, not monopolized by a small group. I believe we should elect mods for major subs (lets say over 1 million subscribers) democratically. The specifics of how that would work are up for debate. But I think it's something the reddit admins would have to help make happen. One vote per user account - and to prevent spamming, lets say you have to a be an active user for a certain amount of time before you can vote. One counterargument I've heard is that moderating is a thankless job - it is tedious and you get nothing out of it except users complaining. The only reason they do it is because they care about the sub and want to ensure a quality experience. If you democratically elect people, it will be a popularity contest, but once they get "in office" they will find out what a boring job it is and they will be shitty at it. Alright fair enough, but couldn't we say the same for the jobs of being President or Congressman? Monarchy is certainly easier, but we have determine that there are good reasons to avoid it. In this case, I believe that ensuring reddit is transparent and free of corruptionabuse is a pretty good reason. If mods prove to be inept, then potential new mods will have to prove to the community that they will not be inept like the previous ones. I think this is something we should debate. I'm interested in hearing opposing perspectives. So, please try to change my view.