It is true what they say: it's the most wonderful time of the year! Christmas is, in my mind, the best holiday of all for a million reasons. Whether or not you celebrate Christmas as a Christian holiday or as the commercialized regular American holiday version, it is still the best holiday out there. As a Catholic Christian, I love Christmas because it celebrates the day Jesus was brought to Earth. I love going to church on Christmas Eve night and singing "Joy to the World" and praising the Lord for sending us our eventual savior. Apart from religion, Christmas to me means 'family', and every year I get to spend time with both sides of my family. I see grandparents and cousins and aunts and uncles that I normally don't get to see throughout the year. I also get to spend more quality time with my immediate family, which is sometimes hard to do with busy schedules. To many people, Christmas is about the presents, and although that shouldn't be the main point, I would never deny the fact that it is fun receiving gifts from people who are close to you, and vice versa I enjoy giving people I love gifts and seeing their excitement upon opening them. I love the story behind the commercialized version of Christmas, including Santa Clause and his reindeers and elves. I especially enjoy watching Christmas movies about Santa and all other Christmas movies in general. It has become a tradition for many families to watch Christmas movies each night leading up to the 25th. Christmas cookies and hot chocolate are also an essential part of Christmas, and I love both making and eating Christmas treats. Any holiday that promotes baked goods is a holiday I support. I don't know anyone who doesn't get into the spirit of Christmas when they hear a Christmas song, and I love when radio stations only play Christmas tunes for the holiday. Lastly, I love decorating the Christmas tree and the house with lights and ornaments and wreaths. It creates a magical experience going down the streets and seeing everything lit up against the snow. I could go on and on, but those are a few of the things I love the most. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!