From a completely economic standpoint, the minimum wage is an artificial bottom line that creates deadweight loss in a free market; if a person is paid more than their work is valued then the employer may choose not to hire more employees and may raise their prices in accordance with the raising of minimum wages to match profits. I still believe a basic minimum wage should be in place (I am making a little above minimum wage so that may contribute to it) because the U.S. market is not perfectly competitive and oligopolies can manipulate prices and wages more than a competitive company can. So obviously the argument is going to come up about where the line should be drawn but I do not believe the answer is to continuously raise it until everyone is happy because that really isn't ever going to happen. My argument against minimum wage increase is shoddy and you guys can rip it apart and tell me why I'm wrong but I firmly believe that the steep progressive tax rate in the U.S. harms our economy more than it helps. A progressive tax punishes innovation and hard work, it is a deterrent for efficiency. These are the things that are going to stimulate the economy and provide for economic growth, not collecting a few extra bucks from those who have worked for it. (Here's the argument that not everyone worked for their money which I will acknowledge and which I cannot come up with a full response but again, there are those who didn't make their own money but there are those that did). Another argument that I forsee is that the people who make a lot of money do not need all of that money. However just because they did not make all of that money does not mean that money is not entitled to them. I can't just take someone else's money because he has more than me even if I need it more. As an aside, the current tax code is over 70k words and extremely obfuscated causing people hours and hours of frustration while filling out their tax forms. A flat tax would simplify the process greatly.