I'm not taking the statement to be that spiritual traditions are actual drugs, but that "religion is the opiate of the masses" figuratively since collectively they function as a drug can. How various spiritual traditions affect you mentally in the way drugs can: 1. For people who think "this is how it should be" because they consider their life a gift not from their parents but from a god or force, actually blunt their ability to feel deep despair. This despair would kick in when they really see something wrong that they disagree with, and so while it seems to be beneficial in a control and personal health sense, it actually gets you to not react poorly to some bad things in exactly the way you would normally that might actually cause you to do something about it. 2. Spiritual traditions encourage worrying, because even though most contain some wisdom about not worrying, they also involve the idea that what you do may be wrong according to a non-manmade law. This means that if you think gays are ruining the country and tempting souls away from god, your spiritually given worry is actually the problem, and it is helping you choose to think that another person's dating life can harm. Worrying puts you out of your best mindset anyway: joy. Any joy you get from thinking that you've followed the right non-manmade laws will pale in comparison to real joy. It's like the difference between someone thinking "oh why am I airing out the sheets this gay couple slept on in my bed and breakfast last night, I shouldn't be doing this, damn sheets, thank the lord I never became gay," and so on, versus someone thinking "ah first exercise of the day, these sheets look interesting flapping in the wind with all their dimensions reflecting the light," and other things that express real joy and stand for you being in the moment. 3. Spiritual traditions ask you to accept things that are not good, like that going to hell is bad but the it you're supposed to be believing in order to not go to hell, is itself the very thing presupposing the existence of hell. There are other not good things, like focusing on whether the people around you are spiritually involved like you, rather than actual good things like self-expression and open communication, healthy lifestyles and academic knowledge. 4. Spiritual traditions can cause you to become complacent or justify disinterest in important things like how to do things you don't do well, or how to stop doing the things that don't solve what you're doing them to solve, and in the traditional sense of "opiate of the masses" can emotionally comfort you about making the decision not to become better in many ways. How various spiritual traditions can affect you physically the way drugs can: 1. Spiritual traditions can have you acting like your own bodily health is less important than souls, afterlives, penance, etc. Not all drugs have harmful physical effects when taken at regular dosages, but you don't have to OD to see where the similarity is. If sins that damn your soul, or actions that drop your next karmic stage of existence, or whatever the idea that is more important than your body happens to be, allow you to adopt a lifestyle where you actually don't even plan to have a healthy lifestyle then those spiritual traditions are in your way. Now, sure being unhealthy may often have a root cause other than spiritual traditions, that doesn't mean that the spiritual traditions aren't allowing you an easier time of keeping yourself from planning since your concept of importance has you below other things that exist when you have no body. 2. Spiritual traditions can even cause you to support things that cause death, like not seeking certain medical treatments, or endorsing the killing of other ethnicities or spiritual traditions or nations. How various spiritual traditions can affect you socially the way drugs can: 1. Spiritual traditions can cause you to treat your place of worship like a social club, which usually follows all the social club rules: some people aren't allowed, ostracization is something everyone will get in on, and people come to make relationships for business or among families rather than out of a celebration of beliefs. 2. Spiritual traditions can cause you to distrust other ways of life, and actually not seek to understand other people or customs but rather treat them as odd and not something you want when you don't even know anything about them. 3. Spiritual tradition can cause you to restructure relationships around spiritual ideas, rather than what might actually make for a good relationship. This means as you're growing up and finding out how to be close to people, and how to care for people, a spiritual tradition can get in the way of what you discover works best for you and brings you the most joy. 4. Spiritual traditions can encourage you to not turn people in for crimes if you're the one who knows they did something illegal but you're all of the same faith. TL;DR: I see spiritual traditions supporting and suffused with many bad things that allow it to operate as the opiate of the masses, mentally, emotionally, physically, and socially. More bad things than I have mentioned as well. I consider good things to be humanitarian aid, healthy lifestyles, cultivating love, intellectualism, open communication, self-expression, sustainable growth, taking inspiration from the world around you, conservationism (environmental protection), social acceptance, good timing, not taking things for granted, not supporting or acting out abuse or deception, religious freedom, national defense, business protections, community activism, and humor.