So this topic was inspired by today's [GameFAQS Poll] , and I found myself thinking about my answer more than I usually do on the poll. Games are the only major media format that requires a specific piece of hardware to use. I should clarify that I think generations of consoles are fine, as they are merely improved and updated machines. However, CDs (not so relevant), mp3s, dvds, blu rays, apps, are all largely fluid and run on nearly all machines. You can run iTunes on any computer, watch a blu ray on any blu ray player, and run most apps across both Android and Apple phones. But why are games restricted by the machine you own? I think the industry would greatly benefit from a single console or games that played on all consoles that were practically identical in terms of specs (blu ray players, dvd players, etc), and the publishers focused on the games instead, and used that as the focus for competition. Sony, Microsoft, and Nintendo all sell their hardware at a loss and make up the sales in software, so shift the focus to the software rather than what the console can and can't play. I don't play PC (I know. I'm a filthy casual.), but Steam seems to, undeniably, be the most sound gaming concept there is. A host site that has all games from different publishers that can run on any PC, and play any game, provided your machine is powerful enough. I believe a similar model could exist in the console space. You can probably tell that this is hard to put into words, but I can't help but feel that console exclusivity is a largely dumb concept that anyone outside gaming would quickly say something like "Why not have all games everywhere." It would help broaden the market and not confuse people with which game needs which system. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!