Go back ten years and how many black people played in the NHL? Twenty years? More and more young black men are making it to the NHL. Not because, in my opinion, that black people are somehow physical specims. But instead because racial equality in the world today is changing for the better. The CMV is not about whether we have equality. Just whether we can look at the diversity of races and it will tell us about how equal (or unequal) we are. This doesn't just apply to racial equality either. Equality in general (think gay professional athletes). For hockey specifically, it is very expensive to pay for your child to play hockey. Since we do not live in a racially equal society, the races at disadvantages will not be able to pay for their child to play a sport as expensive as hockey. The NHL is dominated by white people, again not because they're inherently better but simply because there is no disadvantage to being white. There have been a very limited number of black and asian people to crack NHL rosters and very few first nations people to come close. On the other hand, the NBA was mostly (and still is) dominated by black men. I believe this is mostly because of the fact that basketball is cheaper and more disadvantaged families have an easier time allowing their children to play basketball. As time has gone on the number of whiteasian players have increase (less so for asian people). It's not to say that now there are more poor white people, but that basketball is no longer seen as a "poor mans" game. Thanks to the equality movement, the diversity of races in professional sports are steadily increasing. Now some sports just happen to be wildly popular - soccer for instance - and their racial diversity is pretty much at a maximum. So if you'd like we can change this to a rate of change problem (woo calculus), and assert that racial equality can be approximated by the change in racial diversity in sports. More racial diversitymore equality Less racial diversityless equality Anyways! CMV! Edit: speling I'd also like to add that there is substantial lag in terms of changes in racial diversity. When Martin Luther King made his speeches there weren't suddenly black men making the teams of professional sports. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!