Now, I'm saying this as a delivery driver myself! I just started a job a few months ago at a big pizza chain, and, although I love getting tips, I also don't really see why I do. I can't think of an easier job to do than this. I just drive around, listen to music, and deliver pizzas. When it slows down I may have to do dishes, fold boxes, answer phones etc. but thats really the only time I consider myself doing work. Driving around is fun and easy. I already get reimbursed for gas (1.80 a delivery, however we have a very large area we deliver to so it's higher than most) and even that I think it a bit much. (Again though, I like it!) But still. A dollar a delivery could easily cover the cost. And then of course I make the 9 min wage (cali) and tips on top of that. After tips, I probably make anywhere from 15-20 20-25 an hour (it varies based on good people are tipping!) Now, of course being a delivery driver, I think it's awesome I'm getting paid so well for so little work, but I almost feel bad for customers. I get that tipping is voluntary, but I think most people probably feel obligated to give some. But I just don't see why. CMV. edit: also, I think I may even be making more than the people who work the kitchen, which I think is crazy since I would hate to have that job, relative to mine. Have to be near the hot ovens all day, being constantly rushed, constantly burning yourself, always on your feet, etc. idk how much they get paid, but if I had to guess I'd say no more than 15 an hour. Probably like 13H. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!