This started as a comment, but it turned out to me trying to define my world views. I think I have defined it, but want input, criticism and different views to evaluate before I cement it as a part of my being. I'll reply on your comment alone since the previous one was deleted. With extraordinary rendition, I'm in a non-US country country fearing the US renditioning me for my anti-US war views. Let me stress that I'm not against the US way of life or the western worlds views and morals. I am proud of being part of a society with views that to me seems be a society based on logic rather than faith and ignorance. But my personal safety is not there since I could get tried in a secret court based on secret laws outside the US borders due to US laws. BASED ON THIS COMMENTARY ALONE. I assume somebody will say how wrong I am, but how do you know? It's a secret. According to US laws, I have no rights. And US laws reaches across the globe. I have no rights. I have clearly stated that I am against the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan because I don't understand how a nation can go to war towards another nation due to aggression caused by a group not directly related to a specific nation. You can argue that the Taliban was a part of the Afghan government, and I agree. But why go to war to bring democracy when there is many other nations "in more need of democracy"? The way I see it, it's about revenge and money. And those are conflicted by my sense of justice. I assume it's all about politics, a slap on the wrist or a punch to the nose will make sure it doesn't happen again. I wholly concur, terrorism is terrifying and a nation should do everything to prevent itself from it, both now and in the future. But with nations, isn't the goal to mediate and try to not punch? After all, a political slap on the wrist seems to me to be another blown up body. A political punch to the nose results in human tragedy. How many Americans, Afghans and Iraqis have died?. And the US isn't even slapping the ones "obviously" responsible since they argue that the enemy they face is nation-less. My views are absolutely based on my impressions. I think there are reasons I'm not aware of, but if those are restricted is it a democracy or a group controlling yourour war efforts? (My nation has forces in Afghanistan.) I don't like that one bit, where does the US jurisdiction end? At borders? Seems not. With personal safety? Not for non-US citizens. With "resistance"? I have seen footage of non-combatants being gunned down for visibly trying to help the people harmed by the gunships. I don't want to be renditioned. I don't want to be killed. I don't want to undergo "advanced interrogation techniques." But I have no way to say that "I don't approve of that" beyond a arm-chair activist account on reddit. And even that is potentially dangerous due to me being surveyed and registered. Just in case. It's a mess of thoughts, opinions and ideas for me. I hope that you will discuss and try to change my views. I want to make an informed decision before I make up my mind. Unfortunately my friends don't like to debate these things, so therefore I reach out to you reddit.