I think we can at least roughly measure how good a culture is by how condusive it is to human health and wellbeing. True, there's no clear definition or metric for "wellbeing," but that doesn't stop us from applying rough notions of the concept every day (e.g. we reward and punish children with things that we expect to temporarily increase or decrease their wellbeing). It's not like we are totally clueless about how circumstances affect people's subjective wellness. So, insofar as different cultures lead to different levels are health and wellbeing, some are better than others. (ht Sam Harris) I have a hard time even imagining a coherent counterargument. Afterall, isn't it intuitively obvious, and for good reason, that, all other things being equal, cultures that condone and practice slavery are worse than those that don't? Yet, I know that there are many intelligent, well-educated people who are convinced that all cultures are morally equal. I guess that's basically what "multiculturalism" and "cultural relativism" are all about. And, what strikes me as odd is that those people tend to have all kinds of ideas about how to improve American culture: We should stop admiring guns so much, for instance. But don't such prescriptions imply that the hypothetical, less gun-loving American culture is better than the real American culture? So, what's up with that? I'm interested in this issue is not, as some of you may suspect, because I'm trying to lay the intellectual groundwork for a crusade to shove 21st Century Western Capitalist culture down the whole world's throats. Rather, its that I think it's important to insist that people, both as individuals and as members of a particular culture, be able to justify their moral views in terms of some universal standard (health and wellbeing). You can't just do barbaric shit and say "Don't you dare try and stop me from practicing my culture!" Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!