I'm not a cab-driver and rarely a cab customer, but when I need a cab I don't want some random guy with a car. Lyft and Uber seem to think cab-driving isn't a skill, that it's something anyone can do with no training. Well, it's not. An experienced cabbie provides a reliable service that Joe Schmoe who owns a Chevy can mimic but can't duplicate. Lyft and Uber drivers offer: Questionable insurance. Questionable character. Questionable integrity. Questionable driving safety. Questionable background checks. Questionable service for the disabled and elderly. Questionable answers to questions about the city and area. Questionable coverage at other than peak commute times. Like numerous other professions, taxi service is regulated for good reasons to prevent such questionable situations. Do-it-yourself pretend-cabs like Lyft and Uber should not be allowed to ignore the rules and regulations that real cab operators must follow. Change my view. Edit: Added deltas to my replies to several comments. And I'll add that I learned a lot in this conversation, and wouldn't make the same arguments now that I made in my original post. I've learned plenty about the way Lyft and Uber operate. My original notions were based on a few newspaper articles, not even recent articles, and I appreciate the educating. I've learned that LyftUber fans are vividly enthusiastic about the joy of riding in a stranger's car over a taxicab. It's a level of adoration I haven't seen since attending a few Grateful Dead concerts in the 1980s, but I loved that spirit then so I can't judge it harshly now. I've learned that LyftUber fans in CMV view the cab industry pretty much the same as PETA members view Oscar Meyer, and seem to believe that virtually all regulations of the taxi industry serve no public good, and exist only to protect cab operations from competition. Mostly, I've learned that CMV is a fun place to hang out on a Sunday afternoon, and that most of the debaters here play fair and don't seem to hate people for disagreeing, which is nice. Over and out for now.