The common notion in society seems to be that self diagnosis is invalid and even dangerous. Not only do i think this is false, i even go as far as to say that this idea in itself can be dangerous because this has created people with the notion that they themselves are not responsible for their own health but health professionals thus creating a mismatch in expectation and responsibility between healthcare workers and clientspatients. You and you alone are responsible for your health. You need to educate yourself so you can be critical and challenge your healthcare professional and not blindly follow their opinion. The internet has almost every information one needs to diagnose a disorder. You just need some guidance which you can also find on the internet. I will give an example of Borderline Personality disorder because that's the disorder i diagnosed myself and later my diagnoses has been confirmed by a psychologist. 1. I decided to google some of the things i was distressed about. I came across emotion regulation disorder which quickly led to BPD. 2. At wikipedia i read about the symptoms of BPD. I have 7 out of 9. Continue googleing BPD and read whatever comes up. Experiencing epiphanie after epiphanie. At this point i'm fairly certain i have BPD. 3. Take a " do i have bpd?" quiz somewhere on the internet. Not surprisingly i have a high chance i have bpd. 4. Find stories of people with BPD via Google and rBPD (protip: read alltime topposts). Almost anything resonates. 5. Buy books about BPD. I read them. I Know 100 that i have bpd after finishing reading the books. 6. When i was fairly certain i had bpd (that is before i read the books) i went to see my doctor who send me to a psychologist. When i saw the psychologist i had already read the books. We had an intake conversation and the following 2-3 appointments i took two test that were nowhere near extensive. At last one conversation with a new psychologist for one hour and at the end of the hour he said that i had bpd. Now things get interesting. The time and effort the psychiatric institution has put in the diagnosis is less than the time and effort i myself put in as far as i can tell. From the very beginning i let them know that i did my research and told them what i knew and how i got the information (i showed them my books). It's like they trusted me since the beginning which i very appreciate. Now i don't see what is missing here to form a valid diagnosis. I only missed one symptom which was autistic fantasizing. That symptom that i had didn't come back in my research but i don't think this fact alone undermines the idea of self diagnosis. Of course there are some pitfalls. Some people really want to put a label on themselves so they can avoid taking responsibility for their flaws. I'm sure there are others but i think the advantages are more than disadvantages. Edit2: I no longer believe that self diagnosis should be encouraged. However, i still hold the view that a layperson can come to a proper self diagnosis in psychological issues. An educated guess is not the most feasible. Edit: I want to thank everyone for participating. There are a couple things that i learned. First that i should be clear that i was primarily referring to mental disorders not biological for obvious reasons (samples, equipment etc.) although i still think in this day and age we should educate ourselves as much as possible and have as clear as possible understanding of whatever we think it's wrong with us. Second, there was an emphasis on tunnel vision, self delusion and lack of oversight of other possibilities. Laymen supposedly are prone to these pitfalls which i acknowledged in my original post. I'm not sure whether this is so common as you guys seem to think. When you search for the symptoms that you suffer from, lots and lots of potential diseases come up. I think the case can be made that someone can get lost in all the vast possibilities, not so much for missing out a potential disease. Someone intelligent enough to understand scientific literature with honest intentions is most likely gonna have an accurate self diagnosis. I and all of us have nothing other than anecdotal evidence for and against this notion. Anyway, i stand by my original stance that self diagnosis is valid and necessary. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!