While I'm certainly convinced it's difficult, I do not buy the sentiment that it is "the hardest job." I believe folks claim it, using the following reasons: 1. There is a perception that the stakes are infinitely high. Naturally, a mother's influence is real and significant, but is it so much a factor that we can blamecredit her with how well someone turned out? 2. I often hear mothers refer to their newly "heightened maternal emotions" as a reason for the difficulty...but that doesn't tell me much about the rigors of the actual job, just that it is frequently performed with a handicap. (Incidentally, it's not a handicap when being referred to as 'mother's intuition.' Then it's suddenly a superpower.) 3. I think it must be a very hard job, but some folks might not be prepared for the flexibility and patience required. Once a woman becomes a parent, and she sees there's no respite from the responsibility; I can imagine it feels like she is enduring something more difficult than anything else encountered by the humankind. I imagine one might feel that way in many situations if they weren't prepared for something difficult to prepare for. You are correct if you have guessed that I am a 30 female without children. I love children, and my 3 best friends are mothers. They each have differing thoughts on this issue themselves. I am a supportive friend, and I help out because I can see they need it, but I do not think they have jobs that are more difficult than coal-miners or brain surgeons. But I would like to know what Reddit thinks! Edit: Hey thanks everyone...this was a good discussion. I will cop to a misapplied usage of the word 'job,' which murkied the topic a bit. I imagine we can all agree kids and careers are apples and oranges (with some people having both!) What most of you describe indeed sounds rigorous - especially to me, because, and I conveniently failed to point this out, I don't have anyone's idea of a difficult life. Pleasant job, no kids, dog that doesn't destroy furniture, etc. I do worry about getting older and being lonely. It doesn't haunt me, but it's out there as a possibility. But it's been about 75 my choice not to have kids, so I'm willing to live with it. I am still not persuaded that parenting is a more difficult version of human than all others. It is frequently pointed out to me that 'I can't understand without being a mother.' It's an aggravating statement and totally unprovable. Not that it matters. There's no prize for being right, and even if I am, it will be cold comfort at the nursing home. I'll be like, "When are all your visitors leaving?! Let's get back to Canasta!"