Angst-filled autobiography below! Abandon all those who value a non-reading status! As per the requirements, I will give you a bit of background here: Throughout my entire life of 19 years, I have been nothing but a blubbering mess of a failure. I am morbidly obese, I procrastinate on every thing that I do, and I don't participate in any hobbies (at least, not anymore). I believe, as was aforementioned, that the only thing that I can look forward to in life is complete and utter failure in which I live a difficult, miserable life, and die at a young age. Allow me to go into more detail: Ever since I was in grade school, I have procrastinated on every thing that I have done. I can not think of a single major thing i which I have done in a timely matter. I have procrastinated on school work, I have procrastinated in my senior project, I procrastinate in my job, I procrastinate in my studies, I procrastinate in starting my weight loss, I procrastinate in EVERYTHING. The only time that I ever act is when I am in the danger zone (for example, I did the mass of my senior project 2 nights before it was due.) I don't know what it is like to not procrastinate. Then, there's the weight. I weight 309 lbs (140 kilos), and I have always been big, all my life. My weight gain accelerated in high school, and any weight that I have lost (I once got to 230 lbs or 103 kilos) I have gained back, notably after life changing events. When my step father committed suicide, I ballooned to 330 lbs (150 kilos). I got down to 286 lbs (130 kilos) in June, but since I moved to university in August, I have gained around 30 lbs. There has been a price for this obesity. I have pretty severe asthma, which I have to take daily medications for, I get very tired whenever I move a distance, I'm sore and tired pretty much all the time, I get bodily cysts regularly, and I know that I will live a short life. I know that for the most part, it is my fault, and yet I have done nothing about it. I say that I have tried, but I haven't. Moving on, this affects any kind of social or love life. I am still a virgin at 19 (still young I know, but still), I've only been kissed once, but that girl dumped me without explanation around the same time my step father committed suicide. This was 4 years ago, I haven't had any relationship since then. I've tried to meet up with some women since I moved to university, but around the time I go to meet them, they cancel, and I blame myself. Whenever I hear stories about sex and love life and all that, I boil with rage for myself. I talk down to myself, saying, "Why haven't you had sex yet? Why haven't you had a relationship since you were thinner? Why are you such a social outcast?" Most of the time, I am by myself, I don't talk to others, and I don't try to start conversations. I almost never start conversations. All that said, I do have two very good, lifelong friends, but I haven't seen them much at all since I moved. One of them is going into the infantry in the U.S. Marines and I am terrified for him; I haven't spoken to him about this. Also, I have a very loving and caring mother, but I feel like I burden her. These are the only people who I feel like I can talk to in real life; if I told any of this to anyone else, especially my father and his side of the family, they would talk down on me and tell me to "Buck up." Since my mother and father divorced when I was 6, I haven't held a real relationship with him, but he has tried, and it is my fault. Let's move on to money. I used to be so good with money, whenever I wanted something, I saved for it, and then I bought it. Now that I have money, and I job, I am fucking terrible with it. 99 percent of my purchases is food. When I started in university, I have 1500 dollars saved. Now I have a little more than 600 dollars. All on goddamn food that I didn't need to buy (I have a meal plan at my school that has been paid for.) I tell myself that I am going to save for what I want, but using a debit card is so easy when you are hungrybored. 900 wasted dollars in 3 months on food. Let's speak on hobbies, or a lack thereof. I used to have hobbies. I loved to draw when I was in junior high and in high school. I drew in MS Paint, and I was (NSFW) [fairly decent] at it . Heck, for the longest time, I planned on majoring in graphic design. But, since about 2011, I haven't drawn anything. Like, anything. I don't think I've even opened MS Paint since early 2012. I just up and stopped one day. I haven't even attempted to draw since then, and even if I did, I probably wouldn't be anywhere near as good as I used to be. I used to enjoy playing video games too, but I haven't done that at all since August. I've always wanted to learn how to play an instrument, and I've even gone as far as buying some of the instruments, but I never pick them up to try to play more than once, even though I know in the back of my mind that I want to learn how to play. I have no hobbies now, all I do all day following classes is browse the internet aimlessly all day, eat, lie in bed, and stay silent. Anything a class ends, I just go straight to my room, and lie in bed doing aimless browsing. I occasionally do homework when I have waiting too long, and they are probably due the next day, but beyond that, nothing. I used to be pretty engaged in volunteer work, too. I helped with Habitat for Humanity, Red Cross, and I, as my high schools Beta Club president, I started an initiative for us to adopt a highway, although I graduated before I could participate in a cleanup. But now, nothing. It's just, wake up late, go to classes, eat, go to my room and grovel, rinse and repeat. I'm not taking advantage of the amazing gift that I have been given (I have been given a full scholarship to my university), and I'm making shitty grades. I don't feel like I'm learned anything, probably due to the fact that I procrastinate and never read any materials, I am continuing to gain large amounts of weight and overeat, I am engaging in none of the activities that I used to love, and overall, I generally hate what I am and perhaps on a larger scale, I hate myself. Because of this long list of facts, I feel like that only thing that I am look forward to in life is failure and then death. tl;dr: I am an obese, procrastinating, girlfriend-less, antisocial, inactive, and hobby-less person, and because of this, I feel that my life is destined to failure.