Sure, we can keep writing letters to our "representatives," but do they ever even personally read them? Have you yourself ever personally changed a senator's mind? Is it possible for you, as an individual, to have ANY significant legal influence on ANY type of punishment sentenced for ANY type of crime committed by ANY random individual? ...even one? Democracy - a form of government in which ALL eligible citizens participate EQUALLY in the proposal, development, and creation of laws. If we are all supposed to have the ability to participate equally, what are some ways in which I can make positive changes to our government on my own? What can I do as an individual to "propose, develop, or create laws" without also requiring the participation of other, massive numbers of people who agree? Regarding our numerous, unresolved, typically-ignored-yet-blatantly-obvious and nationwide problems, which are increasingly souring the USA's worldwide reputation... ...there are large numbers of people, in many cases a clear and conscious majority, who agree on reasonable and affordable solutions to many of these ongoing national disputes... ...while our government continues to piss away all of our hard-earned money in ways that are unnecessary, wholly unwanted, and even completely inappropriate, remaining a good distance away from accomplishing -anything- worthy of moral praise... Originally, people ran for positions in office when they were motivated by their inborn, natural desire to enhance all other peoples' well-being, and they did so by enthusiastically working to improve the nation as a whole. Nowadays, it is clear that most people who put in the effort to become "government representatives" are really primarily focused on improving their own income; selfishly enhancing only their own well-being. Our representatives aren't doing jack shit to improve the country. It is becoming apparent that they are actually much closer to running it into the fucking ground. All things considered, these "representatives" are actually doing much more to prevent political change and improvement, rather than enabling and guiding governmental change in a positive direction, which is the sole reason responsible for the existence of their freaking jobs. 1.) The U.S.A. is clearly NOT a free country, and it has not been truly "free" for a long, sad while. 2.) The "U.S. Government" is clearly no longer under the control of "we the people," as individual U.S. citizens have no say in the creation or alteration of laws, but we are still prosecuted for breaking any of them. Please...I will be glad if you can Change My View.