My little brother had a rather strange night this past weekend. He had gotten flirty and physical with a woman at a bar in our hometown. The two of them kissed and made out a bit, and she gave him his number. They went out last night, and he called me afterwards to tell me that she was transgender. She disclosed this after she had given him head at her apartment. My brother is very upset and beside himself. While I am an LGBT ally and a very sex positive person, my little brother is much more neutral on these issues, leaning more towards conservative ideals. He feels like he's been "lied" to and "violated," and I think he's right. My argument is based on the assumption that a significant percentage of the population wouldn't otherwise have sex with a transgender person if that information were to be disclosed. Therefore, it is not moral for a transgender person to put someone at risk for taking actions they would otherwise regret. A transgender person is responsible for consent during sex that is fully informed. There exists a very real, and I'd argue dominating, belief amongst the populace that having sex with a transgender man or woman isn't the same as having sex with a "born" man or woman. While the truth of this is matter is up for debate, "truth" in this situation is irrelevant. What is relevant is that a great deal (probably majority) of straight men and women wouldn't feel comfortable having sex with a transgender individual. This isn't necessarily "fair" or "right," but a fact that anyone, especially a transgender person who has been made to face those sorts of prejudices. To not disclose this information is dishonest and wrong. By not disclosing this information, a transgender person is knowingly having sex with an individual who probably wouldn't be comfortable with it otherwise. While the cases are certainly not identical, this is akin to keeping sexual diseases a secret. Let's say I have herpes. I need to assume that a sizable, if not the majority, of people I want to sleep with would refuse to do so if I disclose this information. While some people might say, "Herpes isn't a big deal, and if you don't have an outbreak my chances of getting it are low. Let's have sex." But to assume that is not moral, and failing to disclose this information takes a way fully informed consent. EDITED: She gave my brother head, sorry to make that unclear.