Disclaimer: I'm not making any value judgements - just an observation. I'm wondering if I have severe confirmation bias or if many people have observed the same phenomenon. Anytime the show My Little Pony is brought up, bronies will defend it by saying that it has good plotlines, good animation, good message, etc. I'm sure that this is all true, but bronies just don't want to admit a an additional reason they like being part of that group: social acceptance that they don't get elsewhere. 99 of bronies I have seen online and IRL have looked like pariahs by society's standards. Poor fashion, overweight, awkward interaction techniques, shyness, etc. 90 are sexually frustrated guys. The 10 of girls are also quite unconventional: obese, not attractive, glasses, short-haired acne-ridden "stereotypical Japanophile" types. A recent poll was taken of over 21,000 bronies, which I think is a great sample size. The results do suggest that something about the community is socially abnormal: [76 have never been in a relationship in the last year, 85 are male, 89 are white, a vast plurality are INTJ introverted types.] During my high school days, I knew two guys who were into the show. Both of them were considered weirdos by the majority of the class for other reasons, like poor hygiene and strange social behaviors. In college, there was always a MyLittlePony club booth during club day and the people staffing it looked - you guessed it - extremely out of shape and unconventional. This was in contrast to all the other clubs, whose public face was relatively normal-looking folks. So MLP groupsclubs have basically turned into places where these kids, usually ostracized by classmates in school or college, can come together to find someone else who will like them for what they are. For whatever reason, MLP clubsgroups have slowly turned into gathering spots and safe havens for these types of people. CMV please. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!