So this might be two points...So my views: First, Bethesda, EA, BioWare - the majority (but not all) of AAA Game Studios have made it their business to destroy gaming. They do this in a number of ways. For example, Bethesda has continually degraded the quality of their games over the years. Skyrim and Fallout 3 were dumbed down from Oblivion, which was dumbed down from Morrowind. They appeal to the lowest common denominator (which I don't mind in and of itself, except) with no option for increased difficulty. Games are launched with a whole host of bugs that they have still never addressed and likely never will. They take advantage of the developers in the community, slapping us in the face and tasking us with doing their work for them. Similarly, EA has seen issue after issue with the way they try to screw over their customers - first getting caught putting a Rootkit in Origin, then the whole SimCity fiasco. So why do I think the consumers are weak-minded? Because they not only accept it, but praise it. Their rallying cry is, "the modding community will fix it!" and "try the game with mods!" That's silly. While I'm all for mods and love when games include a modding API, the game should be able to stand up on its own. Instead, games like Skyrim are launched virtually devoid of content, leaving it to modders to create the game. It would be fine if they were selling a sandbox style game like Minecraft, but they're not. Instead, they hold on to the content for the game and release it in 20 packages as DLC. The fans support this model, praising the ongoing development of the game. 10 years ago we called that an expansion, and it was usually at least the size of the game to begin with. For instance, Alpha Centauri and its expansion Alien Crossfire. Civilization continues to add entire systems (not just a single quest line, like say Dragon Age) with each expansion. They have DLC, but it's not necessary to enjoy the game. The fans who support this slap in the face display a weak mind by lapping up this abuse. I don't dismiss them entirely out of hand - perhaps they've never questioned it - but I do dismiss their opinions about what makes a game good. Note: I'm going out for the day and won't be back til later - but I promise to read every response and respond as appropriate once I return tonight and through the weekend.