STATECRAFT is outlined in the files linked below. It's lengthy, but bear with me. Chances are you'll agree that it's worth it. [This] is the .odt version. [This] is the pdf version. Note that I have side-comments inside the file. It is best to have the file open as you read the rest of this. This text will function as a supplement. For you to understand what I'm trying to do, you will have let go ofor at least suspendall your current assumptions. We will construct everything from fundamental truths. I can do this with rigor (as my foundations are absolutely rigorous), but I'm going to take shortcuts so as to communicate my ideas better. Philosophically-inclined folks, think of the axioms as "practical truths." OK guys, the following is an extremely loose version of my "Hierarchy (of Truths) " referred to in the file. Here are a few relevant axioms. (1) Anti-solipsism. The world exists in whatever way it exists. It is populated by stuff, you, and people like you. These entities can be said to be independent (in the conventional sense) of each other. (2) Qualia. Each person has a unique point-of-view, accessible only to oneself. This can refer to thoughts, sensory perception, and even evaluations of value. Reference: if I'm eating, the specific deliciousness (or not) of the food, at that moment, is accessible only to me. (3) "Equal yet unique." Each person has the qualia of valuegood or not-good. Qualia are equal between persons since each person experiences them privately as they are, by their own terms: good or not-good. People though may experience different qualia from the same stimulus. Reference: Person A eats a donut and finds it delicious. Person B eats the same donut, finds it too sweet and doesn't like it. Both views are valid on the grounds of the sense of taste. Alright. Given that we find ourselves living amongst each other, we further assume that we all want to interact with as little conflict as possible, creating a community where the good stuffsuch as justice, peace, and orderprevails. We then proceed to create an overseeing institution with features that serve said good stuff. Statecraft, to give a rough definition, is a system of identifying our values and applying our knowledge to achieve shared goals in a political setting. It is derived from manifest truths, has an explicit ethical basis where each individual has inherent worth, is party-less and hence has no internal power struggles inherent to it, meritocratic, and purposeful. It is a system that relies on a direct link between values and policy, where knowledge is applied to address our concerns. It is built to have all the strengths of current systems and none of their weaknesses. It corrects itself. It is superior to all alternative systems. Think I'm exaggerating? Kindly read the file and let it sink. Sit on it. I may be away for a while so please be patient with my replies. It probably won't take this long but give me 24 hours anyway. Thanks guys.:)