Escape velocity Life extension "escape velocity" is when we figure out how to extend life 10 years, but in that 10 years we learn how to extend life 15 years, and then with in that 15 we learn how to extend it 25 years. And this continues until we've mastered age. The escape velocisty is when life extension outpace the rate at which one's body dies. And these will not be decrepit lives at least eventually not hook to life support, but vital and vibrant. I believe most people will want this (except some group of religious people, but they'll die and be replaced by those who likely do want this). Demand While this will initially this will only be available for the rich, it's practically an inflexible demand: use it or die. Inflexible demands make a hell of a lot of money, and also generate a lot of political activism. Short of a totalitarian government that can contain and deny its citizenry the life extension, it seems very likely it will be used broadly. Once the economy of scale helps kick in, millions won't die. Then maybe a billion. The ever-changing population replacement rate If 75 of the population has their life effectively extended, then we need a birth rate of .5 per woman. As life extension improves, the birthrate has to reduce in tandem. If these millions or billions keep having children, even at a the low rates japan has right now 1.41 births per woman, the world will quickly begin filling up. Yes, western society has a declining birthrate, and yes, reducing infant mortality and increasing female education is significantly lowering the birthrate in developing countries. But this looks to be insufficient, as a birthrate of 2 per woman goes from being the replacement rate, to growth. So far, no western society has even neared a birthrate of .5, so we have no examples of this being sufficient motivator to prevent overpopulation. Eventuality Don't waste your time trying to convince me that we're actually going to keep dieing whether we figure this out in 20 years as some predict, or in 250, all of this still applies. Conclusion: human rights will change In the future, it seems to me that the Right to Life and the "Right to Children" will be in direct conflict, and that it seems both practical and inevitable that the Right to Life will be valued more highly. Therefore, I believe that we must sacrifice the "Right to Children," and implement for the good of society severe reproduction restrictions as soon as it is evident that life extension technology is outpacing aging. CMV A few things I'm not advocating The one child policy had a lot of nasty implementations. It was violent, and ugly, both due to the police and fathers and mothers murdering their own daughters in favor of a son. So when I say "severe" I do not mean "more violent," I mean "aiming for an even more restricted birth rate." I'm not advocating a violent approach. We can have a whole lot of carrot instead of stick: paid-for sterilizations, for instance. Also, those who violate the law would not have their child murdered, but instead pay a hefty fine and lots of community service. I am not advocating forced abortions. Everything should be focus on preventative measures and glorifying the "childfree" lifestyle. The consequences of violating the law should have the harm to the child minimized, and focus on community-benefiting punishments, like 20 years community service for the parent. Unless you have a better idea, yes it does mean I think the shaky solution of a "child license" is the way to go. No I don't want any of the yahoo's in Washington deciding who can have kids, but even if "whoever finances my campaign the most" is the criteria, it's better than global suicide-by-reproduction.