Edit3: I understand that this topic devolved pretty quickly into the argument about drugs, I'd like to recommend that if you plan on adding to the discussion that you address the main topic of welfare rather than giving another PoV on drug policy and enforcement. [We got down this far on drugs alone even though the main topic is welfare .] Edit2: Welp, I'm pretty much done with this topic and have recieved some very enlightened and reasonable responses. My view has been partially changed on specific sections, especially those in relation to drug policy as it seems to be a bigger problem to enforce than anything else. Also I have learned a good amount about how the welfare policy has been improved over the years as some of my viewpoints were from experiences that happened several years ago. I'll go ahead and distribute the deltas to those that truly helped to change my views. Feel free to continue commenting if you want to discuss this further. Edit: Someone went through the process of downvoting my replies to all of the comments here, so cheers to that, glad you found the time in your day I have a strong belief that the welfare system in America is no longer for the purpose of empowering those who have fallen on hard times but rather to create an endless loop of dependents for the taxpayers to uphold. Some of the major tenants of change that I think need change are the following: Low income automatic welfare I feel like if you have a job then you should be making enough money to support yourself at least somewhat reasonably. I've seen people exist in other countries off of alot less than what America's minimum wage and still are able to be reasonably happy. If it can be shown that they are not able to support themselves off of minimum wage then the onus should fall on raising the minimum wage (corporations pay the difference) rather than raising welfare (taxpayers pay the difference) Welfare should be given to those regardless of whether they are working Now this is one of my biggest problems with the system. I don't see why we are paying people money from the taxpayers and getting nothing out of it. Why would the government not use the money as an incentive to work for them even if it is menial work or work that doesnt have a "higher calling." Example, if I took guys who were able bodied and said alright if you want welfare here are your choices of jobs (example, repairing roads, gardening in public areas, ect). Given a set of choices they might just find the work experience that they wanted to get so that they can transfer to the private sector at some point. Yeah this job doesn't earn the government any more money but it does help to improve the overall country and gives them work experience and I feel actually empowers people. Caveat to this being that many people are not able to work normal jobs, lets say you have a heart condition that prevents you from being outside for extended times, well then maybe you can help babysit the children of those who are working through a structured daycare system. Maybe you have a problem with dealing directly with people, alright well we have a job in programming for the government for you or something else. I could go on for a bit on this point but I'll wait to see what the comments are first. Welfare should be provided regardless of drug offenses Now here is where I draw the line. Although many people are required to be drug tested, there is an even larger amount that are not or are not drug tested enough. To get just about any job to feed my family in the private workforce I need to get tested so why is this not mandatory when they are getting paid by the government? Three strike rule, fail three drug tests and you don't get any money for a year, try again next year. Put the onus on the citizen to remain drug free to continue getting money from the government and I think you will see a sharp decline in drug use in America and you will see an overall more productive workforce. Now I know this is a pretty extended post and a large hot topic item for everyone involved, so I would like to encourage everyone to remain civil while expressing their opinions so we can see all sides of the argument. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!