Liberal democratic government has numerous advantages over one-party rule by the Chinese Communist Party. For one, leaders in a liberal democratic form of government have more incentive to be closer to the people, because they know that part of their power comes from winning elections. A leader who is closer to the people has more powerful, because he or she can demonstrate their popular support. For example, when the Indian PM, Narendra Modi, visited the United States, he was mobbed like a rock star in New York City by 20,000 people. It's hard to imagine a Chinese leader receiving such a reception. Secondly, in a liberal democratic system a free press and freedom of arts and culture do not threaten the government. Currently, China does not produce very good arts and culture. American shows, such as the Big Bang Theory are more popular in China than home grown ones. Korea has been far more successful at exporting its culture than China, despite being less than 110th the size. Why is China, such a big country, so poor as producing culture? Because creative artists are stifled by the PRC censorship machine. Besides arts, to remain in power the government also has to censor alternative belief systems, such as Christianity and Falun Gong. However, people should have the right to express their own belief systems. If belief systems are suppressed, this leads people to turn to materialism, hedonism, and xenophobia, which corrupt and degrade the culture. Thirdly, the authoritarian government is pursuing a one-child policy that is very outdated, since the average Chinese woman already has only 1.5 children. Evidence from other East Asian countries suggests that the problem is an aging society and too few people, not too many. Demographically, this will weaken China's economy in the long term. Also, this is a cruel and inhumane policy because if you only have one child, and they are killed for whatever reason, then you will go into old age alone and with no hope. Only children also tend to be spoiled. In a liberal democratic society, people would be able to vote on whether they want to keep this policy, but in most free societies, it is a right to have more than one child for all citizens. Fourthly, a liberal democratic China would have better relations with the outside world. The U.S. is the world's premiere superpower, both militarily, economically, culturally, and technologically. While some reports say that China has overtaken the U.S. economically, if it happened it was only be because China is much more populous than the U.S. The average Chinese still lives the life of a citizen of a developing country. The U.S. is still far ahead of China on science, innovation, having dynamic companies, etc. Therefore, it is important for China to have good relations with the U.S. This will be much more facilitated if the two countries share liberal, democratic values. China's relations with Japan and Taiwan will be much better for the same reason. Both of these countries are liberal democracies, and China very much wants good relations with Taiwan to effect some sort of future union. This will be made much easier if China is a democracy. Finally, studies show that it is very rare for two democracies to go to war with one another, so the chance of China being dragged into a war would be diminished. Fifth, liberal democracy is the morally right form of government to have. Governments ask for a monopoly on power, so they must justify this monopoly on the basis of acting in the interests of the people. Who else to know the interests of the people than the people themselves? If the people of China really think the CCP is doing a good job, they can always vote in a CCP government in a democratic manner. The desire for having basic human rights, such as due process of law, freedom of association, freedom of speech, and input into one's government is not a Western value- it is a universal value. Hence why you see no clamor for authoritarianism in Taiwan or Hong Kong. I believe that if the CCP initiated a peaceful transition to democracy, it could be carried out in a much more successful manner than the Soviet Union did in 1991. For one thing, the Soviet Union was divided into autonomous republics that took up huge chunks of the state. China, on the other hand, is a largely unitary state with a mono-ethnic population that has lasted for over 2,000 as a single civilization. Also, the Soviet Union had to change its whole economy from socialism to capitalism. China, on the other hand, is already a mixed economy and would not require such a drastic change. On the other hand, the leaders of the CCP would be seen historically as visionaries who finally completed Dr. Sun Yat-sen's vision of tutelage of China into a modern liberal democracy. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!