Some background: I'm from Brazil, and this argument is thrown frequently, with very few actively opposing it. Maybe it is not a common thing where you live (I imagine that if you live in a well developed country it wouldn't), but I also believe it is not specific to Brazil. The argument goes like this: Educated people are more conscious voters. If more people were educated, the power structure would change, and current politicians would be off. We have a poor education system because of bad government decisions. The most likely explanation is that people in power don't want an educated population in order to remain in power. I believe the above was a fair assertion of the general argument. If not, feel free to correct me. I feel this is a terrible argument. First of all, do people in power mean current politicians or rich families? If it meant current politicians, then it's obviously wrong. Education is a long term investment, and it would take several decades for the current population to be replaced for a more educated one. In this time politicians, who are usually not very young, would mostly be dead, or at least retired. But maybe people in power means powerful families, not powerful individuals. So the individuals in power would attack education in order to give power to their descendants, who would be among the very few educated. Still, not very likely. First, I don't believe people are so machiavelic in order to commit an evil act to benefit not themselves, but future generations of their family. Well maybe a few are, but not a significant proportion. Second, people in power does seem to change through generations, both the ideologies, as the blood, although some families does seem to perpetuate on politics, many do not. So, if it was their machiavelic plan to perpetuate the family, it's not really working. Third, as people in power are usually moneyed, it's a safe assumption that many are linked to business. And business do benefit from educated workers, in a much shorter time spam than it would take to social engineer the society. So I really believe they have more incentives (even if just slightly) to educate people than not. Lastly, the original argument is flawed, as it doesn't consider more likely alternatives. Well, yes if people were more educated, current politicians would be off, and current rich families would have more competition. Also, government failure does seem to be one cause for bad education (although other reasons may also apply). But to conclude from this that the government failure is premeditated seems very stretched. Other possible explanations include: 1) Lack of incentives. Yes, I said that there are more incentives for than against education, but maybe the incentives are not enough. There is much more incentives to build parks and pharaonic buildings, than to reform education, whose returns would be far off, so people pay less attention. 2) There isn't enough money. Although people know it's expansive, they usually underestimate costs. 3) Maybe it's just difficult. Politics is hard. If there was an easy solution, it would already be done. If there is an easy solution, and it's not already done, it's probably because it is unpopular (and I'd argue that this makes it not really easy) 4) Different ideologies. Many politicians don't prioritize education, while others may have different ideas of what constitutes a good reform. 5) They don't care. Not caring about you is much more likely than being against you. I don't want to actively defend any of these points, but I think each of them is more likely than the original explanation. So, CMV. EDIT: Some comments seemed to take the wrong approach to my idea. I'm not claiming that education is fine the way it is, just that the reason is not intentional. But I'll respond to you all briefly. EDIT2: I'm tired. I won't be discussing anymore for today, but if you post an answer, I'll take a look tomorrow.