I have always loved nature. I've lived in the suburbs my whole life. I think that living in the country, or places with lots of nature is absolutely the way to live. I go to Michigan every summer, I know that there are lots of difficulties with that. But in less populated areas, everyone is kinder. The air smells good, farmer's markets are abundant and cheap, and no matter where you go there is a fantastic view. Even just a vast cornfield on a beautiful sunny day is so refreshing. I don't want a large house, just a small place with a nice view. I like sunshine and animals and camping. My boyfriend wants to live in the outskirts of Chicago. All I hear about Chicago is crime, dirtiness, homeless people and anger. No one is close to one another. People are taught to never talk to one another. I know that cities give you more to do, like shopping and such. But everything is so expensive! Even a tiny apartment the size of my closet is outrageously expensive. Not to mention clothes, food (!!!!) and other necessities. Most apartments don't allow animals, while animals are very important to me. My boyfriend says that where we would live is nice and has little crime, but I was always brought up to think that there is no where without crime. Even here. Everyone I know from Chicago (excluding my boyfriend) has been bitter, sick in some way mentally, angry and generally unpleasant. While all my Michigan friends are very fun-loving, welcoming, warm and kind. Also, I've noticed city people are rather unhealthy, exercise less, and eat worse than those from Michigan. Probably because fresh fruits and veggies, grass fed meats and homemade breads are cheaper and more readily available. I just can't imagine how people live in a city and not go crazy! Do people not value peace there? Is it ever quiet? Don't people want to see forests and birds and spend time just sitting outside with the sun and relaxing? It seems like city people never relax. PLEASE CMV! I'm sorry if I sound ignorant! I've always been terrified of the city, afraid of getting robbedmugged, attacked, etc because that's all I really hear about the city. Thanks guys, again, sorry if I sound like a dumb suburbanite.