EDIT: I realize that there have been court cases and laws in order to prevent a teacher directly forcing a student to say the pledge, my point has more to do with the atmosphere, the peer pressure, and the more mindless drone way we go about presenting these things to children EDIT2: In the words of uTehRedBaron: Kids aren't forced to repeat it. I think your stance would be stronger if you were saying, "there should be no recital of the pledge of allegiance in school at all." It shouldn't even be occurring as something that kids can opt-out of. It just shouldn't be happening. It's not really appropriate in general. Keep it out of school altogether. This was the point I was getting at I think it's wrong for us to force young children to say the Pledge of Allegiance and devote themselves to a country that they don't understand. If voting turnouts are proof enough, even a lot of the adult population doesn't know a lot about or care a lot about the current government and all the policies and controversies, let alone a child who has likely not yet been taught about all the ins and outs. To me, this is what I hear when children say the pledge: I (a child incapable of comprehending the meaning of these words, nor their implication, or the actions of the leaders for which they speak) Pledge Allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America and to the Republic for which it stands (and even if I don't, I'll be legally bound to sign my life to service in a draft against my will under the Selective Service System, and may have it done so without my knowledge through my high school) one nation under God (whom I am forced to recognize here, even though we are not a Christian nation, and I may have been atheist and may still be if it weren't for indoctrination before the age of reason, or perhaps am not of a monotheistic faith and therefore would not subscribe to devoting myself under a single God) , indivisible (not counting the Civil War...) , with liberty and justice for all (so long as you're not a woman, minority, immigrant, or homosexual... basically you're fine if you're a 'Merican born rich white man) Now, I'm not trying to be "mean" to children and say they cannot possibly be told about these things, and perhaps have some basic grasp of the troubles. I'm saying that they aren't taught, and can't be asked to understand the depth or breadth of the issues at hand. I'm not saying they are incapable of a basic concept of grief or strife. They could surely understand sorrow. But to grasp the complex legal and social ramifications of pledging themselves to a nation as large as America... is ridiculous. I don't think a child is capable of comprehending the NSA stealing our information, the implications of wars we've started on the lies of our leaders... I'm sure they don't know about the government being convicted of the murder of MLK, or how we've kept people in internment camps... I'm sure they're unaware of the murders, bombings, and lynchings that have gone unpunished because of our legal system. How right after this pledge, their fathers still can't be married because it's an abomination to a select group's ideals.... There's a level of indoctrination involved with altogether disturbing consequences. Such as the Bellamy Salute, which you don't see us doing any more, we put our hands over our hearts now because we know that doing it like it used to be would imply similarity to totalitarian fascist regimes like Nazi Germany. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!