I'm a (moderate) feminist, and over the years I've been a little peeved by the Men's Rights Movement. I don't think that it actually promotes rape or misogyny, like some people say, but from my experiences men's rights activists are almost exclusively straight white dudes (who come from a usually privileged background) who just want to talk insult feminism. I've noticed that most MRAs don't really know much about feminism, and think that it actually is "women trying to become dominant over men." I feel like most MRAs don't really care much about helping men, and most of them believe that feminists somehow dominate politics, and that feminists are the ones responsible for unfair custody laws, the erasure of male rape, or the suspicions that men are all pedophiles. A minority of feminists do actually hate men, but given that feminism is just the belief that men and women should be equal, saying "men should not be allowed to teach preschool" is not feminism. I think that men's rights activists ignore that the cause of most men's issues arise from sexism. Women are seen as "better parents" mostly by men who believe that it's their place to raise children. Male victims of rape are mocked because rape is seen as shameful and unmanly. Many MRAs seem to hate that all men are expected to be wealthy, incredibly athletic, and outgoing, but so do most feminists! This belief, that men should behave in a certain way, is sexism. Most feminists care more about female victims of feminism because women are hurt more. It's awful that men usually lose custody suits, but the fact that women will have to pay for rape insurance in Michigan is far worse. Women's problems are a lot more numerous than men's issues. Also, because most feminists are women, they are more familiar and more knowledgeable about sexism against women than the effects of sexism on men. I rarely see MRAs acknowledge that their unfair expectations are societal. Instead, they just complain about feminists or leave anonymous comments telling activists that they should be raped. I think the Men's Rights Movement is just a way for (straight, white) men to talk shit about feminists, and doesn't do anything to actually help men. CMV.