This is a policy that takes some of the extreme ideas from both the left and the right. For future reference, this idea was introduced to me by David Goldhill's book Catastrophic Care: How American Health Care Killed My Father - and How We Can Fix It. This book was based on [this] Atlantic article that he wrote in 2009. Also, like Goldhill, I'm a Democrat. The major problem with health care in America is that it is so costly. We spend close to 20 of GDP on health care alone (while other countries spend close to 10 or less) Moreover, it is costly without much increases in quality compared to many other developed nations according to most health care statistics. Health care costs (or prices as David urges us to think bout them) have become so costly largely because of the incentives (or lack thereof) of our current system. Consumers have little incentive to respond based on price in health care due to most of the costs being covered by insurance. This causes providers (doctorshospitalsect.) to have much incentive to drive up the prices of services and the volume (a.k.a waste) of services. Furthermore, any proceduretest is usually subsidized, regardless of cost or the efficacy of that proceduretest (as long as it passes a minimum degree of efficacy and safety). The insured public often has no idea how costly their actual health care spending is. And this spending matters. Health care costs cause the premiums of insurance and MedicareMedicaid rates to skyrocket, which we all pay for in taxes and our individual insurance. All of this being said, insurance can (and should) have a use for the care that is truly catastrophic - those events that happen suddenly and can't be predicted. This is the true purpose of insurance - to help mediate the risk of an improbable event. And we cannot deny care that is integral to survival of someone's health because of price (although there are varying degrees to this). Therefore, we should have a system that ensures that those events that are truly catastrophic can be covered while the rest of care can be decided upon by the consumer. To accomplish this, Goldhill proposes: 1. To have a national insurance plan for catastrophic care. This is similar to the single-payer system in other nations, except it will only be for catastrophic health benefits. Everybody needs to buy into this, as allowing people to opt out and get other insurers raises the problem of price discrimination. There should be deductibles to catastrophic care, but this can be mitigated by the next step. 2. For the rest of care, each person is given an annual mandatory health savings account that they can use for their own care (everybody get's the same amount). These health accounts can also be used as deductibles for catastrophic care as well as any other type of care the consumer chooses. Furthermore, if someone runs out of money in this account, they can apply for loans on future health savings money (that they are definitely getting anyway), which can mitigate the cost of acute health care problems over many years. I believe this will cut costsprices (as consumers will be funding around 70 of their own care from health savings accounts, in which they choose the provider. This causes incentives for providers to cut down their prices to compete) as well as making sure that those that undergo catastrophe will be covered. CMV! Edit: Should have added, an important part to this idea is increased transparency in quality in cost in health care. To do this, Goldhill proposes to make a national health database to measure physician data, which will eventually give consumers the ability to choose between providers on cost and quality much easier and give medical experts useful data in seeing what works and what doesn't. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!