We STEM majors actually care about doing well in school and making a living for ourselves. We work hard to learn difficult and marketable skills (the curves are way harsher in engineering courses than in English), and we are intelligent, logical, and disciplined. Time management is way better among STEM majors than humanities majors. We don't waste our time protesting something political, like the liberal arts majors at my school (UC Berkeley) do. We are smart to realize that yelling loudly and occupying buildings is illogical: the opportunity cost is huge, and the tie would be better spent on doing well in school, gaining marketable skills, and pursuing activities that won't land us in jail. We know how to work the system and laugh at those liberal arts students who complain about getting shitty jobs and complain about the system being stacked against them, etc. You know, I took out a lot of student loans too, but I'm not worried bc I know I could easily land a six figure job on Silicon Valley. I bet you many of the people complaining about "gentrification" and "google buses" in San Francisco were lazy in high school and didn't take math and science seriously. Serves them right for not pursuing higher education in a rigorous degree. Many of these protesters don't understand basic microeconomics, that gentrification is happening because demand for housing is exceeding supply, and this is a result of zoning laws. The problem is the government, not "techies." We are more intelligent about social issues, economics, and politics than many humanities majors. And many STEM majors are also good at writing and public speaking, whereas few humanities majors are strong in math and science. So we're better rounded and more intelligent. STEM majors are in demand, and IT is the future of our de-industrialized economy. Employers are demanding workers who are strong in quantitative skills, and are creative, innovative, and have strong public speaking skills. I can assure you that most English majors would get their butts kicked in intermediate calculus. History majors would get destroyed in organic chemistry, whereas I've aced my way through History and English courses. Even President Obama has said we should get more people interested in math and science bc the value of a liberal arts degree is diminishing. Advanced manufacturing, like prosthetic research, telecommunications, alternative energy, etc, are the industries of the future. And the funny thing is, bc we're more intelligent, we STEM majors have a more logical and nuanced perspective of politics than many liberal arts majors. Many don't understand basic logic and economics, which is why they approach every issue from such an emotional vantage point. We transcend emotions and thus are more fit to be political leaders than they are. It's very easy to bs through humanities courses bc since there's no concrete answer to any question, you can make up whatever you want. In science, however, you have to be very precise. The answer is either right or wrong. The stakes are a lot higher. If we're designing a bridge, a wrong calculation, however minor it is, could cause the entire bridge to fall apart, resulting in many deaths. Doctors need to learn very precise and specific knowledge when they offer diagnoses and perform surgeries. They can't afford to get one thing wrong. This is why grading in science is so harsh. In contrast, the stakes aren't as high in the humanities and you can afford to get things wrong, and since everything is a shade of gray, you can bs your way through essays and assignments provided that you can write well. As a result, science is more meritocratic whereas grading in liberal arts courses is very subjective. You just have to agree with your instructors. Also to do well in science, you need to build up a hierarchy of knowledge (algebra 1 to linear algebra, chemistry through organic chemistry, etc), whereas with liberal arts courses, you can get through most of them without any background knowledge. Science builds upon skills and concepts we learn in previous courses. Humanities courses are only "rigorous" when there's a lot of reading and memorization involved. Basically, it's hard only because you have a lot of busy work. In STEM, there's a lot of busy work in addition to learning a lot of difficult concepts at a rapid pace. Our tests don't require you to simply regurgitate material you memorized: they require you to internalize the concepts and use your brain to apply them to unconventional situations. Honestly, it's not uncommon for us to study 7-8 hours a day, and sometimes much more if we have a project. In comparison, humanities majors have a lot of free time. STEM encourages students to build up their mental chops, which makes us very marketable. Humanities majors only know how to recite facts. In STEM, you can't just be hard working: you also have to be SMART to survive. The only liberal arts majors I respect are philosophy and economics. Economics is very rigorous on a mathematical level, and many philosophers were also mathematicians. Everything else is pretty much bs. Also math and engineering majors tend to also kick ass on various graduate school admissions tests, like the GRE, GMAT, and LSAT. Look that up. It's a fact that math is more rigorous than humanities. And people who are competent in math (whether or not they like doing math) are superior intellectually to those who aren't. I think humanities majors have NO right to complain about poor job prospects because they willingly CHOSE a major that isn't marketable. Our economy is undergoing de-industrialization and structural shift, meaning that most future jobs will be in the service sector. These jobs require people who are competent quantitatively. There is excess of supply of English majors than there is demand for them. It's the opposite in IT: many companies are even sponsoring apprenticeships where they train community college students in tech skills. People should suck it up and take harder classes if they want a job. It's fine to take English or History classes for fun or for a minor, but treat it like a hobby. Don't major in it if you know that you can't get a good job when you graduate in it. Is someone who plays music for fun inferior to a music major? I think not. Therefore major in a science subject, and take humanities courses for fun if you like learning those subjects. I'm saying this bc most of the time, even humanities majors don't find jobs that they find enjoyable. So better to find a job you don't like that pays well than a job you don't like that doesn't pay well. So suck it up and major in engineering.