EDIT: In the title I meant to say that the UK should be a part of Schengen although it should be obvious. I know it's two different topics but I didn't want to make two threads and the two sort of tie together (see below). Currently the biggest argument against the UK joining Schengen is due to "national security" however it has been shown that the UK Border Agency is inefficient and ineffective to the point where thousands of people were able to completely skip border checks and even it's now being disbanded. It has also been shown that due to having a seperate visa scheme more tourists and potential business opportunities from abroad are less interested in the UK since it's more efficient with access to 26 countries vs. only one. [With the rise of independent tourists from countries such as China] , which are flocking to Europe for vacation with much disposable income, this is especially important. Not only this but by entering Schengen it'd be economically more efficient, trade would most likely increase and be more efficient, would increase tourism (as noted above and also for inter-European travel) and even immigration procedures would be better (for example when arriving at the UK from a Schengen country they'd put less stress on Immigration and Customs and the whole thing can be streamlined to have maximum efficiency). In regards to more integration to the EU the UK is highly dependent on the EU, most of their trade and exports are to EU countries. With countries such as Brazil, China, Korea and multiple others rising around the world Europe must stand united if they are to be a force to be reckoned with. Both politically and economically. If anything the UK is hindering progress of the EU and should accept that the only way to stand up in the world is to be united. The time of WW2 and the infighting between European countries is long over and the UK should realize this. United we stand, divided we fall is more relevant now than ever and the UK can't just "pick and choose" what is good and whine and nag whenever they have to compromise. Most other EU countries have accepted this and the UK should as well. It should be noted that this has had direct impact on other countries as well such as Ireland, who currently has agreements with the UK such as the Common Travel Area and is at mercy of the UK in regards to further integration with Schengen and the EU. It's selfish for the UK to do this and the sooner they realize that the era of elitism is over and they should get in the game the better. So people of Reddit, please try to change my view.