We should take the concept of Jury Duty (or military draft) and extend it to the deliberate infection of healthy individuals with unattenuated (unweakened) germs in order to foster natural autonomic defenses (such as antibodies we can transplant in lieu of vaccines) and even evolutionary responses that generally increase natural, unvaccinated resistance to disease. This began as a "sci-fi plot" in my mind years ago; the idea of managed contagion that we would employ as bacteria evolved resistance to antibiotics, or viruses evolved workarounds to antivirals, condoms, sterilization techniques et-cetera. Then the idea grew, and is starting to feel like an imperative to me. We're dangerously close to "Unabomber" Ted Kaczynski's scenario were we cannot live without our technology. That we could reach a point in the future where we can't even survive the common cold without medicine. The idea is: a couple of times in your life, maybe once every 15-20 years after you reach adulthood and before retirement, you would be called upon to submit for deliberate infection with a germ that someone of your physique is 99 likely to survive. You'd be given a thorough physical, a genotyping to eliminate known fatal predispositions, and an interview to eliminate anyone who may have lifestyle or mental health complications. You'd be admitted to a clinic with emergency care facilities and spend the duration of the sickness in a biologically sealed room or ward. Your symptoms would be treated as well as possible, but unless contradicted by a doctor monitoring your progress, no attempt would be made to cure the disease. Your fluids will be sampled regularly and your vitals will be monitored 24-hours a day to add to the body of knowledge about the disease in question. After recovery you'll get X-many years of free medical check-ups and healthcare, a paycheck similargreater to what you get for Jury Duty, honor, accolades, community respect, prizes, and things like that. No germ would be tried unless it had been gene sequenced and studied for at least a decade, and Congress would oversee and set the criteria for selection.