I just want to note that this argument exists only in the movie The Social Network, and how those characters were portrayed. Anything outside the movie, including real-life Mark Zuckerberg do not apply to my argument. It's been a long time since I've seen The Social Network, so pardon me for not giving accurate character names. (Spoiler Alert) What I'm basically arguing over is the last part where Zuckerberg's friend doesn't get included in the contract to preserve his percentage of the company. Mark was the founder, so technically his jewish business friend was the first investor. When Mark and his friend agreed on their first contract (verbally), Mark Zuckerberg had no reason to continue being friends with Eduardo. Eduardo assumed that Mark and him were friends because they partied together, but Mark saw it a different way. When Eduardo agreed to Mark's contract, he should have included when he was going to get dividends. This would ensure that his part of the value being contributed was being received fairly. Eduardo didn't do this because he trusted Mark Zuckerberg. Zuckerberg used Eduardo's trust to eliminate him from the business when the business grew. This is a strategy built into the core of every business. The shareholders use each other as leverage and then discard one another to get the biggest portion of the pie. Eduardo should have been strategizing back. He should have been renegotiated every time he had a new addition that would enhance the value of the company. Eduardo didn't know as much about business at it's core, and that's what caused him to get the worse part of the bargain. However, Eduardo should have planned for the company getting bigger and made sure it was spoken about in detail about how they were going to split the profits as the company grew. His failure to do this should not have been tied to Zuckerberg's failure to clarify. Zuckerberg was not capable of clarification. He couldn't even express his thoughts to the attorneys while they were in the room. He wasn't being sneaky about what his tactics were, he just felt that he doesn't need to have his thoughts shared with other people. This comes from him being an introvert. Therefore, any selfish intent of taking over the majority of the company at the expense of a business partner is seen as a completely rational move, and should not have to be expressed before executing,. Edit: I would just like to note that my views have been changed. I think that Eduardo was treated, somewhat, unfairly. I still do not think that it was wrong of Mark to reduce his percent stake in the company, but I feel that Eduardo should have received above .03 for his initial contributions to the company. I think everyone helped change my view, so I would to reward everyone in this thread a for helping me come to my conclusion. However, I would like to retain that I believe I was the most valuable contributor to this subject, and I believe that I should have reasonably changed a lot of the sub-view points the commentors of this post. I'm not asking that anyone give me a in return. But if you feel I have shifted your way of thinking at all. .... All I'm saying is a little appreciation would be nice once awhile. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!