Standard unemployment statistics, the U3, only includes people who are actively looking for a job. U4 includes people who stopped looking, yet U3 is the standard number used by the media and politics. Long term unemployment cause many people to drown into guilt, despair and low self confidence. Yet everybody tells me that it's not up to anyone else than the candidate to actively look for a job. I don't understand why is this logic always unconditional when you have high unemployment. I'm a little tired of listening to economists and other libertarians and the constant adam smith's banana's seeking monkeys analogy. The declaration of human right states everyone deserves a job, whatever job it is. Looking at job ads, going at interview is a fastidious, soul draining and inefficient process. Both companies and candidates are often pedantic about the qualifications or how hard the job is. Why isn't there some program to gather data about job ads to actively reach candidates to at least prevent the vicious cycle of them stopping looking ? I'm not even advocating for a minimum wage part time job, I'm just willing to give any opportunity for anyone to have a change to just get out of their home to feel a little more useful. In the new deal era, Roosevelt employed many individuals to build a freaking dam! Why aren't more of those programs ? If you give the right to those candidates to refuse such a job, but still give them the opportunity to contribute in any way, to not let them isolate themselves. Sorry for the long post, it's kind of a rant, I don't have the most brilliant mental health nor personality, I understand why I'm being put aside, but I wonder if it's intentional or if there are other reasons. I don't do drugs, no alcohol, no smoking, I'm not retarted, no criminal record, and I'm polite. I might be a little naive and think the world is too much of a good place while it's maybe not, but are there good or bad enough reasons to let idiots like me unemployed, even to lay bricks, clean toilets, or lift boxes ? I mean even if there's problems about automation, you can't always raise that argument either. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!