I am someone who's only real tie to religious practice is a religious family. Personally I believe that there is something out there but I don't for a second believe that it is anything like what any modern religions would have me think. I do however support the positive ideals that religion teaches people. Unfortunately with all the positive messages that the various major religions have to teach people, there are a few beliefs systems that have an underlying intolerance for those who practice other faiths and or have no faith at all. Personally I am not sure if such an intolerance is passed on by the scriptures or if its behavior that is passed on by example from parents or members of the faith. Certain schools either teach religion as a subject or offer rooms for prayer to students and I find that this is a problem for a few reasons: One of the reasons some schools use uniforms is to avoid a reason for students to bully each other based on what each other are wearing. It is also usually the schools that have uniforms that provide religious educationprayer rooms and I say why eliminate one reason for conflict and cause another by emphasizing an inherent difference between the students in a class ? Children bully and gang up on each other for the pettiest of reasons so why fuel the fire ? Also children who have no religious believes either have one forced upon them or make them feel strange for not having any. There are churches for prayer and there are schools for learning. If there are prayer rooms in schools then why not science labs in a church ? I understand that there are religions that mandate that one prays at certain times of the day and in a certain way but I am saying that I do not think children should be allowed to practice their faith in schools. Anyone that needs to pray during the middle of class or even a test could not only anger the other students because of their special privileges but also cause the students who do need to pray to do worse in school as a result. As for the matter of special religious clothing, lets say for instance that a person wearing such a garb is doing a science experiment and it catches fire ? They should have been made take it off at the door for safety reasons regardless of what it means. Religion has been around for much longer than organized education and it is for this reason that I do not feel it belongs in a modern school system. The two also often have conflicting ideologies which only leads to more issues. By all means if anybody needs to have a pray then put prayer rooms in shopping centers, hotels or even bars but just not in a school. If someone wishes to study religion in college I have no problem with that its just that when it has to be taught to everyone or no one in a school environment I would prefer no one instead of making all sorts of rules and exceptions to get around the obvious problems. I would honestly not like to think about the subject the way I do because I see this kind of thing around me all the time and it angers me because of how illogical I find it. If anyone could give me any insight as to why I am thinking the wrong way please be my guest and change my view.