I've seen [freerice.org] mentioned repeatedly on this website, and whenever I express my fanatical distaste for that service I always get drowned in downvotes or ignored in the face of a "It helps people and it's fun!" circlejerk. So I'll make my case here: freerice.org is enormously ineffective compared to other ways of donating to charity with a similar level of time investment. If you try to make the world a better place by going on that site then you are either ignorant to the issues at hand or you are more concerned about having fun and feeling like you've contributed than you are with actually improving people's lives. The game donates 10 grains of rice per correct answer. This may sound like a significant number, but it's really, really not. Let's do the math: You need 50 grains of rice for a single gram. The recommended energy intake for an adult male is [10,500 Kilojoules per day] . 1 KG of rice gives [5440 KJ] . Therefore to provide the necessary caloric intake of an adult man, you'd need 1.93 KG of rice - which is thus 96507 (almost 100,000) grains of rice. With 10 grains of rice per correctly answered question, you would need to answer 10,000 questions correctly to provide a single person's worth of energy for a day. 10,000 questions. I think I have a fairly well endowed vocabulary, and at a mid-level I made 410 grains of rice in 5 minutes. Extrapolating, if I did that for an hour, I would make 4920 5000 grains of rice. How much is that? Again, not much. At USA prices (far more expensive than developing country prices), [20 lbs 9 KG of rice costs 9] . 5000 grains 100 grams of rice, which is 190th of what I can get for 9 - approximately 10 cents. If you use freerice, you are donating the equivalent of 10 cents of rice every hour. This is less than 2 of the US federal minimum wage. Or, in other words, if you worked a dead end minimum wage job at 7.25 per hour and donated all of your proceedings to charity, it would be more than fifty times better for the world than using freerice.org. You could work for five minutes a day, earn 60 cents, and would it would be as effective for the world as using freerice.org for 6 hours straight, which is far, far more than anyone would conceivably do. So if you actually care about the state of the world, then you should donate to charity in other ways. Get a job, donate some of the money. You will actually change people's lives to a reasonable extent. You will save time and effort, and you will actually do something. The only reasons you would conceivably continue to go on freerice.org is if you (a) enjoy it, or find it educational, or (b) care more about the feeling of having contributed than actually getting off your ass and contributing something. If it's (a), I'm sure there are far more effective ways and far more important things to teach yourself than rote learning vocab. If it's (b), so be it, but don't be under the pretension that you're actually doing anything good. I rest my case: My numbers may be wrong, but I think that even with the most favourable numbers freerice would show to be an enormous misuse of time. Feel free to prove me wrong.