Why don't we give Bill Cosby a pass? He may very well be innocent. 1. We don't know what happened behind closed doors. I wasn't there. You weren't there. 2. But we do know that the accusations are highly suspect. Some of these accusers have had over 30 years to get their story straight, and the best they can come up with is "he gave me a pill and told me to take it, so I took it?" And then, some of them add ..."and the next time I was alone with him, he drugged me and raped me AGAIN!" Really? REALLY? 3. And ALL of them waited years and years and years before reporting it, and not one, not one went to a police station or hospital? 4. And the reason is because they thought he'd quit getting them job auditions and quit giving them money to pay for housing, cars, tuition, etc? There IS a word for exchanging sex for material goods, and that word ain't "rape." 5. Shouldn't they at least have the decency to offer to refund his money before they accuse him of rape? 6. Isn't it at least possible that these women are trying to cash in? If not via a direct settlement from Cosby himself, then by selling their sordid tale to the highest bidder? Or maybe getting a role in the inevitable Lifetime Movie "Tears Behind the Laughter: Inside the Huxtable House of Horrors." Or at least a walk-on part in the equally inevitable LO, SVU episode. 7. Speaking of "Settlement," someone should make the one accuser who accepted a settlement look up the word "settlement." I do not think it means what she thinks it means. 8. Speaking of definitions, the definition of "rape" has certainly changed in the last 30 years. Back then, it meant literally forcing someone to have sex with you. Since then, the meaning has been stretched almost beyond recognition, to include next-morning regrets, retroactive withdraw of consent upon finding the guy turns out to be a jerk, and "I was too drunk to give consent." It's unreasonable to hold someone to today's standards for an incident that took place decades ago. He probably also didn't make his kids wear bicycle helmets back then. Should we shame him for that, too? 9. In America, people accused of a crime are presumed innocent until proven guilty. And short of a confession or the surfacing of a very old video tape, I think we all know there is never going to be any proof that he raped anybody. 10. BEFORE America became a country, in Salem Massachusetts and elsewhere, "Witches" were convicted and sentenced to death (without proof - obviously), based on the testimony of multiple women telling similar stories. But even if he's NOT innocent, we should STILL give him a pass. 1. He may not have realized what he was doing was wrong. 2. He did, by all accounts, compensate the accusers in some way. 3. And they did get to have sex with a famous celebrity, something that many women (especially these types of women), would certainly do willingly and for free. 4. Whatever harm he may have visited on a small handful of women, is outweighed a billionfold by good he has done over many decades of erasing negative stereotypes of the Black Community. Including being the ONLY Black celebrity to urge black youths to both pull up their pants, and learn (and use) proper English. 5. His son was MURDERED. Any bad karma debt was paid by that. Overpaid. Why seek to punish him more? 6. Plus, he was punished by the Box Office receipts of his movie "Leonard, Part 6." 7. If he's guilty, it means he cheated on his wife at least 15 times (probably more). If SHE can forgive him, what right do YOU have to be angry at him? 8. Still more punishment: Cancelled concerts; Lost TV-Land royalties; Withdrawn network deal for new sitcom; Bye-bye Netflix contract. How many rapists pay a multi-million dollar fine for their crimes? 9. For every woman he's accused of having raped, he's made a million people laugh. Hysterically. 10. He's pushing 80, and shows signs of the onset of dementia. At some point, it's time to recognize that you're just kicking the shit out of an elderly guy with brain damage, who honestly can't understand why your boot keeps clobbering his face. So c'mon, people! Let's cut The Cos a little slack, huh? CMV, if you can! [Edited for improved formatting. No words were changed.] Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!