We know that women are attracted to men who can provide them resources and protection and stuff. But to our prehistoric ancestors, resources and protection meant physical strength, which is reflected in aspects like a man's height and muscular aesthetics, not in how many pieces of green paper a man has. For these reasons I think women are really only attracted to a man's looks despite what we are told by the media and PUAs. But then you see many cases when rich but ugly, fat guys who would otherwise be forever alone pull 1010s. Women until the pre-modern times knew in their brains that they should marry rich men regardless of their looks for their and their children's social security, but what did they truly think in their heart? And in the modern days, when (in the Western world at least) women earn more or less the same amount of money as men and don't need a provider because they can provide for themselves, you see women still go for rich ugly guys, which may indicate that wealth and social status are genuine roles in attraction but also could be remnants of a society where women stayed home. But when you see women express themselves on, well, shadier online forums about men, they usually don't say things like "OMG Bill Gates is so rich he makes me horny," they say "OMG he's such a sexy handsome stud, I'll do anything to have his babies." Women don't fap to the list of The World's Billionaires on Forbes, they fap to rladyboners. I think these indicate that they are still expressing a part of their nature. Do they do so because they still maintain some of the mindset of their mothers and grandmothers that they should consider wealth above looks for their security (aka by nurture)? Or do they do this because they are biologically wired to do so, and they have "evolved" to recognize that wealth, not good looks, is what provides them the resources and protection (aka by nature)? What do y'all think? I'm inclined to think that it's all due to societal nurture that override women's natural instincts, but I'm open to change my views.