Similar viewpoints has been challenged on this subreddit before, I know, but I don't feel those askers have approached the issue from the right direction, so please hear me out. I am not a shill, I am an atmospheric chemist. The basis for my argument is the fact that the hydrocarbons stored in the Alberta oil fields which the keystone pipeline would serve (and also those oil-shale deposits in the Dakotas, although that is secondary) are going to be extracted and burned, whether the pipeline is build or not. This can be demonstrated beyond a reasonable doubt. Canada stands to gain too much economically by exploiting these resources, and without the transport capacity of the pipeline the oil will simply be transported by rail. I could provide exhaustive lists of sources to support this but these people: have done an excellent job already of showing that up to 800,000 bd of oil could easily be transported by rail if needed. This is already being done. Looking at the statistics for oil trainsyear from Alberta to the coast, you can easily see that as production has ramped up, TransCanada has simply ramped up rail transport to compensate (exponentially), and this trend will continue. Even if the projected bd produced is a few hundred thousand bd higher than can be transported by rail, that will not stop Canada from extracting and storing this oil, it is too valuable. If anyone is not convinced that the production of oil in canada will not be stopped or slowed by a denial of the keystone pipeline, please let me know in the comments and I will work to correct this. Now the question "Is the keystone pipeline good for the environment?" becomes: "is rail transport of oil more damaging to the environment than pipeline transport?" The number of oil spills due to derailments has been sharply [increasing] , and each derailment spills much, much more oil than a pipeline leak. Arguments that I have heard about pipeline safety: "But pipelines could be easily sabotaged." The pipeline is buried shallowly underground, making it harder to reach than a rail which needs only be budged a bit to derail a train, not to mention how easy it is to sabotage a railway bridge. "But if it's buried, leaks would go straight into the aquifer!" No, they are buried shallowly enough (4ft) that leaks are indistinguishable in effect from surface spills. I would like to add that train derailments are much, much more likely to result in fires and explosions. There are numerous examples of this that can easily be found. I challenge anyone to find any leaks from the current keystone pipeline that rival even a medium-sized derailment. Without even going into the increased emissions from non-us refineries that are less heavily regulated, or the actual carbon emissions produced by all these trains, I think it's already obvious that the keystone pipeline will prevent many thousands of gallons of oil being spilled, and many thousands of tons of co2 being emitted. Safety issues aside, there are the economic benefits of developing our non-middle-eastern sources of oil, and the fact that having control over this oil means that we could tax it to fund sustainable energy initiatives. Essentially, I am pro-keystone pipeline for many reasons and I believe anyone with concern for the environment should be as well. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!