I realized this was a controversial view yesterday while driving with my family to Thanksgiving dinner. My sister was speaking about leaving her money to her kids after her passing, and I casually mentioned how I don't believe I'd leave any. This was met with much more vitriol from both my mom and sister than I expected. Since my sister only seems to argue by using mindless platitudes (she just kept saying "you take care of your own" over and over) and my mother just kept telling me "that is wrong" without explaining why, I'd like to have a discussion on it here to see if I really am mislead in my views. Consider the following scenario: I have amassed a large fortune and have grown to be about 80. I had my kids in my 30s, and so they are now in their 40s. My assumption would be that during the first 20 or so years, I have taken care of their educational costs, provided for their basic needs, and hopefully shown them the value of a dollar while still allowing them a life not bound by severe monetary constraints. After their 20s, when they have begun providing for themselves, I will be there as a back-up should something truly catastrophic and unforeseen happen, but they would be largely left to their own devices. After 20 or so years of that, when I die, I would plan on leaving all my wealth to charities of my choice. I don't even think I'd leave anything for the grandkids' education as I believe that falls under the responsibility of the parents or even the children to properly finance and plan. The reasoning: Statistics: 60 of the second-generation blow all the inheritance money during their lifetime. That statistic climbs to 90 when you move into the third-generation. To me, this indicates that leaving a large inheritance to children who did not work for the money leads them to invest it poorly and blow it on frivolous spending (I'm not saying this happens in all cases, as I know medical bills and a billion other situations could arise that would necessitate the costs, but I'm saying it is the most common reason). Ethics: I don't believe that people should benefit simply by being born into a beneficial situation. Being born to wealthy parents shouldn't be like winning the lottery for your entire life. As I mentioned, these kids would not feel the claws of poverty during their entire childhood; why should they be guaranteed these "lottery winnings" well into adult life, when they are supposed to be responsible for themselves? Moreover, leaving this wealth to the children will actually negatively affect their lives, as it will foster laziness and lack of ambition. Nearly every tycoon, from Carnegie to Buffett to Gates has noted that leaving anything more than a small sum of money to their children would be terrible for their ambition and their motivation to make something of their lives. Some final comments: I understand that this is putting the cart WAY before the horse. I don't have considerable wealth. I don't even have kids. This is just how I believe I'd behave in this scenario given my current mindset. Furthermore, I really don't want to come off as miserly, but if I do, please tell me. Anyway, beyond that, please try and change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!