First off, leave your personal opinions about abortion at the door. I'm not interested if you're pro-life or pro-choice, my CMV is about the opinions expressed in the television show and how abortion is portrayed. I'll give numerous episodes as examples... The first would be the episode "Cartman's Mom is Still a Dirty Slut" from the second season. In the episode, Cartman's mother goes to abort Eric. When she is asked how old her son is, she tells them Cartman is eight. She is then informed that he is in is "37th trimester" and abortion is only legal for the first two trimesters. This ties into the pro-life sentiment that a fetus is the same as any human life and whether or not he is in the womb makes no difference. At the end of the episode, she realizes the real thing she was looking for was adoption which is usually the pro-life response as another route to avoid abortion. The issue was also tackled in the episode "Kenny Dies" from the 5th season. In this episode's very first scene, a woman goes into a clinic to get an abortion. The doctor once calls it a dead fetus and then corrects himself by saying "unwanted children." Abortion is portrayed pretty disturbingly in the episode as Cartman devises a way to expand stem cell research to further his selfish needs. The final instance I'll mention is season 12's "Eek, a Penis!" in which Cartman, as a school teacher is teaching his class about cheating while channeling the teacher from Stand and Deliver. He convinces a female student to get an abortion because "it is the ultimate form of cheating." 'nuff said. Abortion is touched on again in season 4's "Cartman Joins NAMBLA" and in the "Stick of Truth" video game. Both could be used to support my argument but they aren't as good as the last three. And don't try to tell me all about how South Park is an "equal opportunity offender." Yes, they make fun of both sides often but they do often pick a side more than not. The show may be a unique take on an issue but it's still a very solid opinion that is made almost every time. edit: I'd like to add one more argument. The abortion clinic in the show is called "Unplanned Parenthood." This furthers the sentiment that people are already parents the moment they get pregnant regardless of whether or not the child is carried to term because it is already a child when it is conceived. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!