In the wake of the Trevor Noah incident, comedians are standing in solidarity, and it's this strange sense of them versus the world. Jim Norton wrote a brilliant piece on addiction to the rush of being offended. Patton Oswalt wrote a series of 50 something tweets which consisted of an innocent joke in one tweet, with all the next ones being the clarification required in 2015 to make that joke not offensive. I don't want to get too into my own experiences, but I've had ones that simply are not politically correct. The base events that took place, without any elaboration, are enough to offend people. And as a result there are only two possible ways to recount them: in a smarmy way that makes everyone uncomfortable, in a tragic way that makes everyone feel terrible, and through humor. And yes, of course, that humor is what we'd now deem "offensive." The numerous existential crises I've gone through and my own separation from society become sources of joy. Offensive humor is beautiful. It turns pain into laughter. It creates joy from heartbreak. Now I'm already prepared for (what I think is) the default response: "Making fun of yourself is okay, but it's wrong to make fun of others when those others are less privileged in society." I have two responses to this: One: That argument is a moot point because the social justice brigade also attacked Margaret Cho for her performance at the emmies. Margaret Cho, a Korean-American whose shtick often consists of mocking her very traditional mother. The fact of the matter is: when you make fun of some aspect of yourself, you're ultimately going to be similar enough to someone else that you're making fun of them, too. Under the "don't offend people" rules, we are not allowed to talk humorously about our own experiences. Two: From an early age, when I mocked myself, my friends would often join in. Eventually, they did it without me initiating. Let me reiterate: they made jokes at my expense. They made offensive jokes at my expense. And I laughed. Not even sarcastically. It felt good to laugh. It helped. You think you're being attacked? You're not. You're the one doing the attacking. You're attacking humor, and you're attacking those of us who use it to heal. You don't like offensive tweets? Don't read them. But for some of us, these things are important. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!