Please note: this isn't about the science of GMOs, nor the politics of Monsanto First off, let's split world hunger into two categories: food insecurity and famine. The former occurs in every nation in the world. In the US alone, [roughly 15 of households experienced food insecurity last year.] . This obviously isn't a problem of scarcity in America's food supply, so much as a problem of inequality and holes in the social safety net, neither of which GMOs will nor are addressing. Famine is different. While its often triggered by drought, famine is exacerbated by local political disfunction, warfare and global inaction. The Great Chinese Famine, starvation under Stalin's regime and the current state of North Korea are examples of massive starvation caused almost exclusively by political decisions. Also Zimbabwe's agriculture collapsed when Mugabe seized all the farms to redistribute to his political allies. In Somalia, [draught has been the primary cause of the deaths of a quarter million people between 2010 and 2012] . And while that's a large number, [the world easily produced enough food to feed everyone at risk] Could we create a GMO that would thrive in the severe draught that plagued Somalia? Maybe, though I imagine there's a limit on yields during drought regardless of whatever superseed you use. But why wait until then? [We already produce enough food to make the entire world fat.] . And don't necessarily need GMOs to [keep feeding our growing global population.] Instead, it's lack of political will and organization that's causing huge disparity in food access throughout the world. Which brings me to Golden Rice. Yes, it would be great to give vitamin A deficient children a food product that will save half a million kids every year. Wonderful. However, if we already have enough food being produced in the world, and already know the cause of these deaths. Why are we waiting for a GMO rice to be produced to save these lives? Why not just distribute vitamin A supplements to these kids in need? And furthermore, once Golden Rice is approved and being sold on the market. What's to guarantee that it will get to those in need, when we can't even guarantee food to 15 of Americans? Just ask the pharma industry. Saving lives is about one thing, [profit.]