Pamphlets suck, am I right? No-one likes getting a pamphlet (or flyer, if you're American). They're unnecessary clutter and I really don't think they have any place in today's world. Why? - We have the internet. Social media has basically made pamphlets redundant. Facebook events, Twitter, Instagram, blogs... there are a million and one ways people would rather get their information. And the internet is saturated with adverts as it is. There's really no need for people to still stand on street corners or mall entrances handing out pamphlets. - No one reads them or even cares. I can't be the only one that feels like giving out pamphlets is basically asking someone "can you throw this away for me?" I barely even glance at them before I throw them in the bin. Even if I do read them, and even if they are advertising something relevant to me, at most I'll be like "huh" and then throw it away still. - They're super environmentally unfriendly. Have you seen the amount of pamphlets they print out these days? It's crazy. So much paper being wasted. And half the time people don't even have the decency to chuck them in the bin - they just end up on the streets. This goes double for those annoying pamphlets people stick in your car's wipers. Half the time people don't even realise they're there until they're on the freeway and the pamphlet goes flying off their windscreen. - People hate them. If you're trying to market an event, why would you pick the one method people hate the most? No-one likes being stopped to be given a pamphlet. No-one likes having to walk around with said pamphlet waiting for an opportunity to throw it out. And no-one likes looking like an asshole by throwing it out in front of the person, so we're forced to carry it at least until we're out of sight. Also, as much as I hate them, I always take them, because I feel super guilty refusing - I've worked as a pamphlet dude once for pocket money, and they have quotas they have to fill. Even the pamphlet dudes don't like handing out pamphlets. Basically, I cannot think of one good reason pamphlets are still a thing in this modern, digitised world. There are much greener, more efficient, and more likeable ways to get word out about an event or whatever, and these ways (especially the use of social media) will get a much wider reach as well. Why confine your marketing to a street corner when with a few clacks of the keyboard the whole world can know about your event? So tell me, guys... why the hell should I stop worrying and learn to love the pamphlet? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!