Although, I am an avid pirate (textbooks, music, television and movies, software, etc) I have recently started to have a crisis of conscience. Particularly, I have come to believe that piracy is ethically indefensible. Emmanuel Kant, the great 19th century Continental philosopher, posits we must act in a way "that the maxim of our actions could be a universal truth." To me, the maxim of intellectual property piracy is receiving something for nothing. Of course it is ludicrous that this could be universal truth because it negates the most fundamental assumption of economics: goods and services are limited and there must be an incentive to produce them. The fact is that when I pirate a book for example I am externalizing the cost to all the readers who are accessing it legitimately. In a sense I am saying "you compensate the author and publisher for the time and effort they put into the book and I will enjoy it at your expense." This last point segways nicely into my second point: piracy is economically harmful. I am a middle class consumer. I could purchase the content if I wanted to but because I am rational I will minimize my costs if I can. Strong anti piracy laws are essential because the incentive to cheat is too high. I need to be protected from my own rationality. I understand in an abstract way that a book represents thousands of hours of individual labor in a variety of economic sectors and that labor is not free however the immediate gratification of receiving something for nothing outweighs this. Finally, I understand that there are economically disadvantaged people who couldn't otherwise access the intellectual property. They theoretically don't harm the economy because they don't represent a "loss" to the producer- the purchase would never have originally occurred. Moreover they benefit from the consumption so this represents a net gain in general welfare. To this, I would respond that that the moral argument outlined above still stands and their behavior is still detrimental. Paying for intellectual property is a philosophical perspective that must be cultivated. It doesn't happen suddenly when you transition from economically disadvantaged to well off. Additionally, there are a wealth of high quality intellectual property resources that can be accessed for no cost (YouTube, pandora, wikipedia) so economically disadvantaged people have options available. If they opt for premium resources they should have to pay like everybody else.