You often see a mother bear being very protective of her young. While humans don't go charing at random strangers just because they're near their children, they do exhibit the same behavior when there's anything suspicious about the stranger even if it's completely irrational. Other irrational things parents do is cover their kids with their arms when there's danger as if it would protect them. My theory is that that's just the instinctive thing to do. Example: which isn't very different from a chicken protecting its chicks: . I also think that helicopter moms are a very good example of this. When it comes to social dynamics, the general rule of there being an alpha and beta males in a group seems to be true in humans too. The best example of this is just hanging out with friends, there's always that one guy that dominates the conversation and everyone listens to. Another example of this is simple walking in the street. Try it. If it's a narrow side walk and you walk pretending like you don't see the other person and you're not gonna move the other person will start moving way sooner than they're supposed to because of what I can only assume is respect and intimidation. I am not claiming that there's one inherent alpha male in particular settings, rather, I am saying that it is possible to have alpha and beta attitudes in any given circumstance. Example of body language of what I call a beta: Example of body language of what I call an alpha: People seem to think that humans are better than this, please help me see your point of view and possibly change my mind. As it stands right now I think the main reason people believe we're not like other animals is because they don't want to believe that they're not like other animals. Personally I have no problem with my biological origin and am comfortable with the fact that we still share the same dynamics as other animals. Edit: I never said that humans are exactly like animals. I recognize that humans are more complex and I am not denying that. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!