EDIT: usunnyEl-ahrairah has challenged me to recite a Shakespeare monologue. Idk if I'm gonna be complete shit or not, but it'll be fun and the best way to find out what I came here for. So brb, I have to learn my lines. Acting is cool. I like a lot of actors. I just don't think it's hard. 1.) In most every profession there are those who are clearly bad. It will be clear to critics, people of authority, and most others, someone is not good at what they do. Screenwriters who write bad screenplays, directors who make bad films, athletes who can't cut it, comedians who aren't funny, musicians who get popular, suck, fizzle out, and are remembered as terrible, etc. But, there isn't one actor, ever, who was considered awful, then got a good role, in a good movie, with good direction, good writing, and good production, but was still considered an awful actor. This DOES NOT happen in other professions. If someone is a terrific guitarist in a shitty band, people can still tell they are a terrific guitarist. Being in a good band won't make you be able to pass as a great drummer if you suck. Maybe a layman won't be able to tell, but other musicians certainly would. Talent and skill are consistent, and consistently recognizable. You would never not be able to tell what a great basketball player Lebron is because his team sucked. 2.) Lying. Lying is acting. Yeah, there's some rules and tricks of the trade, but that comes with any profession. When someone lies, they are acting. A common bit, originally by Jon Lovitz, is for a character to tell a very dramatic lie, then turn around and announce that they were "ACTING!!!!" When someone lies, they are acting. They're acting like fake is real, and we all do it. It's a cliche in comedies for a character to be a bad liar, and when they try to lie they act awkward and stupid, but nobody really does that. There's no one who hasn't lied to their parents, or their significant other, or made up an excuse. The difference is when you told your manager you missed work 'cause you had to go to a funeral, and you "acted" sad, you weren't super nervous, anxious, self conscious, and over thinking it; like someone who's not used to acting would be with people watching them on stage, in front of cameras, or at an audition. You can say learning to be comfortable acting is talent, but it's negligible. 3.) Many successful actors have said acting is easy. "Not to sound rude, but acting is stupid." - Jennifer Lawrence "Acting is the most minor of gifts. After all, Shirley Temple could do it at age four." - Katherine Hepburn "This is not a tough job. You read a script. If you like the part and the money is ok, you do it. You remember your lines. You show up on time. You do what the director tells you. That's it." Robert Mitchum "When I told Lindsay Anderson that acting was just a sophisticated way of playing cowboys and Indians, he almost had a fit." John Hurt "I despise those prick actors who say, 'I was in character,' and 'I became the character,' and all that stuff. It's hideous." Johnny Depp "I'm a skilled, professional actor. Whether I've got any talent is beside the point." Michael Caine Finally, watch this YouTube video of auditions, and HONESTLY tell me you don't believe you could do that too? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!