What is polygamy. I realize that polygamy can be a woman with multiple husbands, or several people in a same-sex relationship. By definition, it doesn't have to be a man with multiple wives. In theory it could be any combination of genders of three or more people. However, in reality, the vast majority of polygamous relationships tend to be multiple female partners per male partner. So it seems silly to pretend that it's going to be anything else. Polygamy and same-sex marriage are dissimilar. A lot of people like to argue "if gay marriage can be legalized, then why not polygamy?" I've heard this both from opponents to same-sex marriage, and from people who support polygamy. It doesn't make any sense from either source. The only thing that same-sex marriage and polygamy have in common is that they're both (a) types of relationships and (b) currently illegal (although, less so for same-sex marriage.) They have the same minimal similarities that interracial marriage and adult-child marriages had in the 1960's. It doesn't logically follow that, since we legalized interracial marriage, we have to legalize adult-child marriages. And similarly, it doesn't logically follow that if we legalize same-sex marriage that we need to legalize polygamy. Keeping same-sex marriage illegal has higher costs than keeping polygamy illegal. If you're gay, and same-sex marriage is illegal, then you have two choices; either remain unmarried or marry someone to which you have no attraction. Both are pretty dismal options. Contrast this with if you're a straight, married man and wish to take on another wife. The fact that polygamy is illegal, means that you can't, but the situation that it pushes you into isn't that bad, because you still have the legal right to be married to your wife. So you can still be married to the kind of person you want, just not as many people as you like. Where-as, with same sex marriage being illegal, then you can't even get married to the kind of person you want. Harms of polygamy There are two main harms I see with polygamy; one symbolic and the other more concrete. The first is that it creates a relationship where a man gets multiple women but each woman gets a fraction of a man. In that sense it implicitly supports the idea that a man is multiple times as valuable as a woman, but each woman is a fraction as valuable as a man. Further, it creates unequal power within the relationship. While the man no longer has to compete, each woman still has to compete both with other women within the relationship and other possible partners outside the relationship. The second problem is that it's completely unsustainable. There simply aren't enough women, relative to men, for men to have more than one partner on average. And if you try to get around this, it leads to some very unsavory situations. Consider this; a polygamous society in which each man has 1.2 wives on average. (So, not even everyone is in a polygamous relationship, and those that are don't even have a huge number of wives). In each generation, there are roughly equal number of men and women born. So, for the first generation of polygamous men to have 1.2 wives, they would need to marry all the women in their own generation and 20 of the women in the next generation. For the second generation, there will only be 8 single women for each single man. So, just to have one wife each, the men in the second generation will marry all the remaining women in their own generation, plus 20 of the next generation. And to have 1.2 wives each, they will marry an additional 20 of the next generation. For the third generation of men to have 1.2 wives each, they will need to marry all their remaining female cohorts plus 60 of the next generation. This continues on and on until there's a generation of men that have to marry completely from the generation below them. And then dip into two generations below them, etc. A lot of the most infamous polygamous societies (like the FLDS) end up having adult men married to young girls. This isn't a coincidence. Polygamy, as an institution, can only be supported by marrying younger and younger women. Or by ejecting men from their society. This is another problem that you commonly see in real life polyamous communities; often only one son from each family will be allowed to stay, and all the rest will just be kicked out of the community when they turn 18. This is the only way they can maintain a gender imbalance. This is both incredibly cruel to the young men who are abandoned by their families and communities, and it is damaging to society at large. It doesn't fix the "excess" of men, as much as just moving it out of the polygamous community and into society at large, where it is more diluted. In summary, Polygamy has almost nothing in common with same-sex marriage. Having it illegal has much smaller costs, and legalizing it has far greater harms. For all these reasons, I believe that comparing them is ridiculous and that it should remain illegal. CMV.