Several years ago, I bought a glass mug with my name on it as a souvenir during a trip. Not wanting it to break during the flight home, I carefully wrapped it in paper and put it in my backpack, which was my carry-on. Once I got on the plane, I carefully placed the backpack in the overhead compartment, closed it gently, and took my seat by the window. However, the stewardess later opened the compartment again because they were running out of space, and just before we take off, she walks briskly up the aisle slamming each compartment closed as she passes it. As soon as she slams my compartment closed, I hear a very distinctive sound which could only be one of two things: the tinkling of a zipper on my backpack...or the muffled sound of glass cracking. I spent the whole flight playing the sound over and over again in my head, trying to decide which it was. Finally, about 15 min. before we land, I come to the realization that it is only my naive wishful thinking that could twist what was clearly the sound of glass cracking into the sound of tinkling zippers, and I prepare myself to face the reality that my souvenir is ruined. Accepting my fate, I slowly and calmly gather my belongings and exit the plane, and I don't stop to check on my broken mug until I've entered the airport proper. And after carefully peeling back the paper packaging, I realize to my astonishment that my mug is still in one piece. See, I convinced myself that my wishes (what I wanted to be true) were clouding my objectivity, but my worries (what I did not want to be true), were clouding my objectivity just as much if not more. After about seven reiterations of playing the sound in my head, my memory was no longer anything close to reliable. I kept oscillating between worry and hope, and when I was worried, my memory made it sound like glass cracking, but when I was hopeful, my memory made it sound like zippers tinkling. It is true that an optimist's naivete and wishful thinking keeps them from being as objective as a so-called "realist," but it is also true that a pessimist's fear and desire to tell people, "I told you so," when disaster strikes keeps them from being completely objective. The universe doesn't really care about my glass mugor any of your dreams and fears. It may not offer humanity benevolent protection, but neither is it out to get us. Full disclosure: a few years later, my wife accidentally broke the mug while washing dishes. However, she later bought me a new one as a surprise. However, the handle on the new mug isn't quite as smooth and comfortable to hold as the original. However, it is more meaningful since it came from my wife (who doesn't understand why I would have bought the original mug in the first place) and because of this whole story. And so on. I realize that the blessing that my mug stayed unbroken for a few years doesn't mean much when compared to atrocities such as rape, war, and hunger, but this seemingly insignificant experience really has caused me to be more optimistic about more important things because I have realized that despair can cloud my analysis of the true state of affairs at least as much as hope.