Where is the evidence that super-smart computers could threaten humanity? Where is there any evidence that there are actually any super-smart computers that can come anywhere near the capacity of the human brain? And where is there evidence of any kind of enlightened reason in machines that would represent a threat to mankind? Can someone explain how at our current technological level, we need to be worried about artificial intelligence and its ability to be destructive to mankind, when the architects of such a system would have the inherent ability to limit the scope of influence of such a system? Isn't this this a mythological boogeyman? And do we have any actual thinking computer-based systems that would even come close to exhibiting the kind of judgmental things we find in fictitious representations of rogue A.I.? Edit: UPDATE... let me qualify this criteria.... some people have awarded carats and I don't feel the people who have been awarded those carats have accomplished the objective. The idea of a "super intelligent artificial life form" is predicated on the notion that such a system has the capacity to learn and adapt. This is what we see in all the portrayals of A.I. gone rogue. I challenge anyone to give evidence of such a system, even on a small scale. Demonstrating a programmed system is good at what it was programmed to do is not sufficient. A fundamental aspect of this is the ability to demonstrate that an artificial system can TRANSCEND ITS ORIGINAL PURPOSE. That's the divide you have to cross. You have to show me a system that has evolved beyond its original purpose and learned a new skill or ability. If you cannot give us practical examples of an A.I. system that has "evolved" even in a minute way, you cannot claim to have demonstrated the claim. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!