They say the last major improvement in automobiles were Antilock Brakes, and before then it was automatic transmissions, and before then the internal combustion engine. Since then, we can probably plonk hybrid drive-trains in there, a la the Prius, but electric cars are destined to replace even those, like they were a temporary stopgap. Yet the electric car can't be considered a new thing, either, since they were around over a century ago. All we've done is improve the battery chemistry a bit and progressively improve the efficiency and torque of the motor. For computers, we can trace the modern WIMP (Windows, Icons, Menus and Pointers) interface all the way back to Douglas Engelbart's "Mother of All Demos," where he used a wooden mouse to showcase a primitive version of what later turned into the Xerox Star, then the Apple Lisa, the Mac, and Windows. The biggest improvement since then has been touch, which came seven years ago with the first iPhone. But touch is just a minor improvement on the mouse. Really just a simplification of the mouse. We're still tapping on screen buttons and flicking windows around. Things almost seemed to get interesting with [CORBA] and the idea of component software. Microsoft had something similar, called OLE: you could embed an Excel spreadsheet in a Word document, and when you clicked on it the underlying Excel executable was loaded, shoved some of its UI on the screen, and loaned its functionality to its sister app. And then all that disappeared. There's nothing really like that anymore. HTML sorta kinda wants to evolve in that direction, where you can embed videos in a web pageCORBAOLE-ishlybut it's not really a combining of functionality, it's really more like a boxing and containment of it. The plugins and codecs get a nice little rectangle to live in. Chickens in a coop. Everything on computers is still dominated by the App. We flirted with "Document Oriented Interfaces" in the 1990s, two decades ago, and then it died. "There's an App for that" is the real business and software development model of our time, and I think that's sad. Apps hoard their features jealously, they don't share them. Mega-Pro Plus GoldTM has the Twonk feature, but if you need the features exclusive to UltraDingus HDTM you're stuck. At best you convert document formats and shuffle them back and forth, or wait for one company to acquire the other and figure out how to convert from C to Objective-C or vise-versa. We could be doing more, but we aren't. We're dominated by brand names and App-centric mentality, and it sucks. Change My View.