I'm not an angry mother,i'm actually 17 years old currently finishing school. I'm not very wealthy nor poor. Weed has spread in my city since I moved here 7 years ago. A few years ago the people around me and almost the whole part of the school started smoking on weekends,some during the week, some smoke before school has even started. I smoked on the weekends as well for quite some time until my brother talked to me (after busting me) and that was the first time i realized how much you fuck your life up smoking weed. People stop doing hobbies,they stop going to school regularly,they become shadows of what they used to be. Those are no exceptions which im talking about im talking about regular people (most of them 18),who used to have a busy life until they just stopped doing anything. They seem to become dumber,they care less about everything and spend their whole time on weed. Of course,there are people who can control their consumption ,but that's the minority. It's something you don't notice,you smoke on the weekend,just in the evening,then behind the mall and then you buy your first weed on your own. And that is the crucial point why i think weed should be illegal and it's just right that alcohol is allowed. Becoming an alcoholic is a complete different process,which is more obvious and you can control the consumption,there are obvious side effects. You don't notice you're addicted to weed since the addicts don't care unless it's way,way too late. They just accept it and laugh about how stoned they are everywhere. They use boredom or other things as an excuse and miss most of their life. Legalization would just support the idea that it doesn't do any harm and getting high everyday is ok. It is not,when you need something to make your life okay,change your life,not the drug. to clarify: I think somebody is addicted to weed when he stops doing the things he loved to do,he neglects his surronding friends and family and smokes every day,all the time. Note I don't want to hate on weed and don't think every person who smokes it is a total loser. I'm just sharing my experience with you.