People from illuminati NWO conspiracy theorists like Alex Jones to economic pundits like Peter Schiff (credited to predicting the 2008 Great Recession) will say that "the dollar will crash and go into hyperinflation soon because we have so much debt" or "the world will go into the Greatest Depression after the collapse of fiat money since all currencies are tied to the dollar" or "the federal reserve is pumping out money at low interest rates to the point that the dollar must collapse soon" or "dollars will be worth nothing after it collapses. Invest in precious metals." Etc.. Yet when I look around the internet for the other side of the argument (which you should always try to do when incorporating a new belief) it's nonexistent. Barely anybody challenges the idea of the dollar collapse while the other side is fervently supportive of this economic doomsday. Can somebody please challenge this argument? EDIT: Because alot of people don't quite understand where I'm coming from, here's a part of a video series that summarizes many of my beliefs. EDIT2: Here's the summary of the video if you're not yet interested in blowing 30 minutes learning about something you don't think you'd ever believe in EDIT3VIEW CHANGED!: You guys have shifted my view backed to reality and it means so much to me. I was around also conspiracyNWO nuts when growing up the past few years (I'm 17 years old, senior in highschol now). My uncle is an evangelical, born-again mega-liberal Christian who pretty much believes in anything you can tell him because it is "God's will for you." I challenged him on some of the conspiracy shit having no logical backing but he said "if you don't have the religious element to it, then it's much harder to believe." I am an atheist so yeah that's a major conflict of interest. I first got into conspiracy theory shit when was fascinated by watching the Occupy Wallstreet protests on youtube. Somehow I drifted off into Ron Paul videos and then I went deeper down the rabbit hole with Alex Jones' "Obama Deception" which is the most fear-instilling shit you will ever see. I had conversations with my uncle that only solidified my beliefs. For the next 2 years I would be a full on wingnut conspiracy theorist who believed in just about everything aside from the reptilians and illuminati Satan worshipping because even that shit was too batshit crazyreligious for me. Only recently have I come out into the light with the help of some friends on the school's debate team and recently meetingtalking to a former federal congressman for my district (he's a nice guy who actually cares for his country.) As for getting a deeper knowledge of economics, I'm currently in AP Economics at my highschool. It covers both micro and macro. So far I'm enjoying it but the crazy shit I've been exposed to in the past years still lingers as I learn more about reality. This dollar collapse CMV was probably the last pillar to have my whole tower of conspiracy nuttery knocked down. I almost feel like doing an AMA about being a ex-conspiracy theorist who escaped insanity. TL;dr: teenage ex-conspiracy nut fearmongering behind his keyboard brought back into reality Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!