Definitions from Wikipedia: [Sales tax] : A sales tax is a tax paid to a governing body for the sales of certain goods and services. [...] The tax amount is usually calculated by applying a percentage rate to the taxable price of a sale. [Theft] : In common usage, theft is the taking of another person's property without that person's permission or consent with the intent to deprive the rightful owner of it. I believe sales taxes greater than or equal to 250 are theft. Here is an example to clarify my view. Suppose Emily wants to make 1 for each cup of lemonade she sells. If a government imposes a sales tax on lemonade of 250 she will have to charge her customers 3.50 for each cup of lemonade she sells in order to be able to keep 1 per cup, since she will have to give 250 (2.50) of the base price for each cup to the government. I believe that it would be theft for a government to impose a sales tax of this rate or higher on Emily or anyone else for selling lemonade or any other good or service. In other words, if Emily were to charge her customers 3.50 and gave the government 2.50 just in order to avoid being punished for violating the government's 250 sales tax law, then my belief is that the government's action of making and threatening to enforce the law would accurately be described as theft. The reason why I hold my view that it is theft to impose sales taxes greater than or equal to 250 on people is because I fail to see how it wouldn't be theft for a government to demand people hand over this large of a portion of the money they make by selling their products. In other words, it intuitively seems very obvious to me that any government doing this would be guilty of extortion. If you do not share my intuition, imagine that a government imposed a sales tax rate of 9900. This would mean that people would only be able to keep one cent for every dollar they charged their customers for the products they sold and would have to give the other 99 cents they collected to the government. Imagine if Emily sold a cup of lemonade for 1 and then let the tax collector take 0.99 from her only in order to avoid punishment for violating the sales tax law of 9900. Wouldn't you regard her as a victim of theft? Why 250? My intuition that imposing absurdly high sales tax rates (e.g. 9900) on people is theft becomes slightly less strong as the high tax rate is decreased. 250 was arbitrarily chosen as a rate that was high enough for my intuition to still be strong, but low enough that it seemed reasonable that someone would be able to successfully change my view. So, for example, if I had stated my view as "sales taxes greater than or equal to 9900 are theft" then it seemed very unlikely to me that anyone would be able to change my view. Perhaps someone could define theft in a strange way to make me agree with them, but I doubt that my fundamental view would change, and thus there probably wouldn't be any point in posting this. (NOTE: I am not arguing that sales taxes greater than or equal to 250 are immoral. Rather, I am merely arguing that they are theft. (Note that some people believe that theft is always immoral, but I do not make that assumption here.) Consequently, comments that merely argue that 250 sales taxes are sometimes morally permissible do not challenge any aspect of my stated view and therefore are in violation of rchangemyview's Comment Rule 1 (see the sidebar).) EDIT: udoodledraft wrote: I would appreciate serious modifications to this post. It's giving me an economic aneurism. full comment listing recommended edits] ] I don't see how the economic comments are relevant, but they are available at the above link for anyone who would like to read them.