People keep telling me that 3D technology is on the rise and here to stay. It failed 4 or five times in the 1900's. This time I think is no different. Or what I mean to say is that ever since the 1890's 3D technology has been tested and used in public forums. However It has not been until post 2003 that the idea of 3D technologies has hit the mainstream and been present in private homes. However the equipment and implementation's of home consumer versions of 3D has remained expensive and bulky (various forms of bulky or unattractive viewing glasses). For your ease here is a wiki [link] for what I am referenceing. In the history of 3D technologies it has come and gone about 5 different times. This just tells me that at some point the idea of home 3D will eventually peter out and go through yet another revival after about 4 or 5 years. Some people say that the 3D TVs and computer monitors are just too much of a hassleinconvenience to use. For the price, availability, and convenience factored in this is all just another bit of hype. I am also including single and multi-screen movie theatres in this as well. When I go to the movies I want to watch a movie and not have to wear an extra set of glasses that also darken the screen and degrade the movie I am watching. This 3D technology also makes movie production take more time. While more production time means more money for the post-production team (filming takes only a marginal amount of extra production time), and that a good thing. However double the frames double the work. Now we bump the frame rate up from the standard 30 fps to 60 fps we now have 120 fps to edit quadrupling the amount of work needed for a 3D film to be edited and to have special effects added in. I understand that the technology is there. It just won't last until someone can find a way to make watching 3D movies more like what we find in the Nintendo 3DS using [autostereoscopy] . I see the complete fall of home and theatrical 3D usage by 2015 despite videogame consoles and home gaming PCs implementing this technology. I don't completely hate the use of 3D technology, but I do think that it is doomed to fail time and time again. CMV.