I know that words hold power. I know that they can inspire arguments and lead to abuse. I know that words on paper have sent men to their deaths, and all that. I know language is how we work with our world. I find it perplexing however, when people feel the need to guard themselves against certain words, regardless of context. I, for instance, know a number of people who will go as far as to forbid you from saying some words in front of them. Some elite offenders include "rape," "retard," "nigger," and "cunt." Those words aren't in my typical vocabulary, but as an amateur linguist and general human, I sometimes feel the desire to discuss or implement them. Mostly, I feel uncomfortable knowing that there are words I'm not allowed to say. Why are my friends (and others) content with living life, actually afraid that someone might hurt them by stringing together some phonemes? Even when words are censored on television, I am confused. I recall watching the Olympics and there being a performance of "Always Look on the Bright Side of Life" during a ceremony. It was striking to me that the word "shit" was censored with an obnoxious beep, in the middle of an international broadcast. Why? Is there genuinely a person out there, sitting in a room, watching TV while knitting or something, who would actually suffer pain or discomfort upon hearing the word "shit?" If so, fuck them. Do we as a planet, for that one person, need to insert beeping sounds into songs and make them sound worse? Some people say it's for the benefit of children, as if we're trying to finally create a generation of children who will never know words as vile as "piss" or "fuck" and thus never speak them, obliterating them from history. Anyway, the mediasociety angle isn't quite as interesting to me as the personal level. I believe we choose to let words hurt us. Obviously, someone can abuse a loved one by calling them bitch or whore, but to be pained by those words when they have no target seems odd to me. I do not accept the argument that the trivialization of certain words disparages certain groups and is anti-progressive or intolerant. For instance, calling someone a twat for parking inconsiderately does not equate poor parking or selfishness with vaginas and therefore with women. Linguistically, it does not work that way. Use determines a word's meaning, not the other way around. The use of twat in that context does not speak to its etymology, and only expresses frustration towards an individual or situation. Curse words have origins in sexuality or bodily fluid because those topics have been considered indecent for public discussion. Because of traumatic experiences in my own life, I can never laugh at 911 or stillbirth jokes. I feel a twinge in my chest when those topics are brought up. But I would never presume to censor the people around me because of that. That would be selfish and only solidify my vulnerability in the face of those issues. Still, I like to think of myself as a sensitive and understanding person. I like helping others to be strong and capable, which is partially why I feel so strongly about this. Intellectually, censorship irks me as well. Am I wrong? Edit: Hey all. Thanks for all of your posts. I think I made a couple of mistakes in representing my opinion. My beef is against people refusing to hear certain words in any context. I think growing up in a rough-around-the-edges place desensitized me to slurs and assaults and such. I think, at least, I can understand that we must all make compromises as far as conducting ourselves around other people we share environments with. Occasionally we disagree on what constitutes safe discourse, but my issue was with people not wishing words to be said in any discourse, sort of like those people who hold "funerals" for bad words. I still have no wish to know people of that description personally, but perhaps I understand their struggle a little more. We all respond to trauma somewhat differently. Anywho, thanks for all of your perspectives. This subreddit is neat.