A lot of people take this handy phrase to mean that "you could strive for perfection all of your life and not obtain it, but you could have been striving for the good, which is far more easily obtained." Which at face value may seem like very good suggestion - why spend so much energy trying to get some excellence you'll never have, when you can spend less energy to get something that is sufficient? Have you ever asked yourself, "At what point in my life will I have been sufficiently nice enough to other people, so I can stop being nice?" I don't think you do. If we really ask ourselves, how many people would say that doing more than what's merely sufficient is a bad thing, especially when the more-than-sufficient actions have a much greater impact on what we're trying to affect than the merely sufficient ones? Why does anyone say "What I'm doing is good enough!" if they actually care about their cause? Why are people worried about "perfect being the enemy of the good" but not worried about being lulled into complacency, eventually stopping their efforts altogether, simply because they'd been told what they're doing is "good enough"? My biggest problem with the phrase isn't so much that people believe striving towards excellence is somehow more detrimental than putting in a minimal, "sufficient" amount of effort (but I am worried about that, too). My biggest problem is that, usually when people say they're doing "good enough" and pull out the "perfect is the enemy of the good" spiel, they are not actually doing enough. I believe that, nearly every time I've seen someone say "perfect is the enemy of the good," they're using the phrase as an excuse to do pretty much nothing at all about the cause or issue at hand. Convincing others to believe that "perfect is the enemy of the good" has the hazardous effect of blinding us to necessary improvement. Example: you're having a discussion with an environmentalist and you say "Perfect is the enemy of the good; our small efforts to help the planet like some people recycling and buying energy efficient cars is good enough." They say, "If it were really good enough, then why is the planet still dying?" Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!