The United States is, in my opinion, a unique country (please don't argue against this part, I'm not interested in getting my view changed and I think that my ideas should apply to similar countries) in that it is fairly young and founded almost entirely by first, second, or third generation immigrants. It certainly was built by immigrants from the very first colonies and throughout all the time that immigrants came here in droves. That said, it feels very different today. Today, it is very difficult for someone who was not born in the US to get citizenship. I believe that the values of this country contradict the citizenship policies that are currently implemented. Being born into citizenship is akin to being born into nobility. You had no choice, and those who were not as fortunate do not have an easy way to get the same thing. Instead, I think that citizenship should be a contractual agreement. Now, I understand the necessity of protecting children and I would say that only 18 should be able to do this, but I think in a land of liberty, everyone should get to choose whether they want to be a citizen and accept all the rights and responsibilities, or if they would prefer to go somewhere else. (Be aware, I'm not saying that this would be easy to implement, on the contrary, I think that this would be impossible until a large number of nations did this together.) So anyways, CMV that in a free country citizenship should be freely accepted or relinquished provided that you agree to follow the terms of the contract. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!