Sorry for the wall of text, feel free to just skip it if you want. The exceptions of course are in cases of rape, if the mother's life is at risk or if the child will have significant birth defects that would be an excessive burden on the mother, the child, the state, or any other third parties. My reasoning is this: Whenever a man and a woman enter into consensual sex, they are aware of the consequences of not using adequate protection (The pill Condom together for total safety). They are accepting the terms and conditions with mother nature so to speak, and if a child were to be conceived as a result then both parties should be bound by law to see that this human being is brought into the world safe and sound and is given 'their shot' at life, this may entail adoption but at least this person's life is now in their own hands. Now i understand there is an argument that a foetus isn't considered to be human until the later stages of development, however this is also rife with subjectivity and from what I've read (feel free to prove me otherwise) the jury is still out on whether a foetus going through an abortion feels pain or not. Additionally, whether or not we agree or disagree on the stages at which a foetus becomes a human, one thing that we can be sure of (with the exception of unusual circumstances), is that a foetus will at some point become a healthy, individual human being. Is denying another human being's right to life prior to their development any different to killing them later on? I also sympathise with the "It's my body I'll do what i want with it" argument, but as a modern society we generally try to afford individuals as many freedoms as possible provided they aren't infringing upon the rights of another human (current or future). For example, most countries don't force you to wear a helmet when riding a bicycle, because with the exception of very minor additional healthcare costs (those without helmets more likely to be hospitalised) you aren't harming anyone but yourself by not wearing a helmet. On the other hand, we enforce seatbelt laws because in the case of a car accident, those without seat belts are more likely to move around and knock heads with other passengers, passengers who may be wearing seat belts, so another party is being put in danger. I think we forget that this argument doesn't adequately recognise that your needs for personal freedom do in fact infringe upon the physical safety of another, we forget this because the other party currently lacks a voice to defend themselves. This is where i think we start to go from a matter of life or death to a matter of convenience, are the next 9 months of your life worth more than the entire lifespan of another person? I don't think this is a matter of individual morality, or a matter of convenience. This is a matter of life or death. I used to be pro-choice a couple of years ago, mostly because it was socially acceptable and i hadn't put much thought into it. I am quite socially progressive in almost every other way, but i can't seem to reconcile this issue. CMV!