Note: I tried getting an answer out of this from a different subreddit and was downvoted immediately. I would appreciate if everyone viewing this would take the time to read what I have to say, and not downvote me simply because of my unorthodox opinion. I am truly trying to gain an additional perspective, and am open to all forms of intelligent commentary. I will attempt to reply where applicable. Edit: If you're going to downvote, could you at least provide an explanation as to why? I'm not trying to offend people. I have posted an intelligently formed view and would appreciate commentary. Also, please see my edits below for how my view has changed! I'll attempt to choose my words carefully... To be clear: I am referring to incidents of sexual crimes in which the primary result is emotional trauma. For example, a victim that is raped after the unbeknownst administration of roofies, but is otherwise physically unharmed, would fall under this criteria. If you desire more examples, let me know. Here's how I've come up with my view: When I was around 11 years old, I was molested multiple times and forced to perform oral sex on a lifelong (up to that point, anyway) "friend" (same age) of mine. And by forced, I mean he was much stronger than me and held a chef's knife to my throat. After the aforementioned actions, I was told he would kill me and my family if I told anyone. I was also molested a separate time by another "friend" (again, same age) around the same timeframe. I've never had any problems with what happened. Certainly, I was pissed off, but it never came with the emotional trauma that so many people experience afterward. I honestly hated every second of it, but I can openly talk about it (though I'm careful with my audience) and I have no problems with sex or trust. I've never told anyone, the exception being my current girlfriend, who first told me her molestation stories (see below). My girlfriend was molested by two men (both older than her, she was 7 and 11? years old at the times; both incidents involved attempted penetration) and has had a few minor problems with sex, but not anything she hasn't been able to cope with, and since meeting me, things have gotten much better in that department. In fact, these problems now cease to exist. I can say with certainty she is not hiding anything from me. So, reddit, what gives? I've always likened it to something like getting mugged on the street or having the shit beaten out of you, but you've completely healed physically since then - it happened. That's it. After that, I feel like it's all in your head. I am NOT saying that sexual crimes are in any way excusable. Victims should seek help and perpetrators should be punished accordingly. However, I am saying that the emphasis people place on a physically harmless experience is a bit extreme. And, once again, I am referring to sexual crimes in which physical damage is minimal or healable, NOT cases in which the victim is even semi-permanently disfigured or is given a disease. Perhaps I'm just a unicorn; I don't know. But, my experiences tell me that you can definitely get over it. I mean, you were roofied and sodomized against your own will. But is there any lasting physical problem? Is anything outside of your own head different now? Grieving about it isn't going to help anyone. Move on, you have better things to do in your life. It may take a bit to get over, but there isn't any reason you should carry an experience like this on your back for years or even decades. That behavior strikes me as emotional weakness. So, reddit, change my view! Edit: Some people have brought to my attention that I should not be belittling others for coping with their traumatic experiences differently that me. As such, my view has definitely changed in that area. I think victims should be given as much of the proper care they need, and no less. There is no sense in shaming victims for something that happened to them. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!