Seeing the trailer for the new strategy game I don't feel like shilling for made me realize again how unlikely I find the whole 'humans traveling in space' scenario. The whole trope about freezinghibernating ourselves is basically just magic hand waving, the frailty of living things makes space travel with it's myriad of unknowns basically impossible. Robots that can't freeze, suffocate, get infected, be irradiated, go insane, or die of any number of other natural causes, might eventually travel in space autonomously with purpose, but it will have nothing to do with us. The distances are too vast and full of dangers for us to ever realistically cross them, barring warp technology and all the accompanying technology that makes it not tear everything to shreds. edit: let me be clear that I understand when I say never that I'm discounting all the theoretical or fictional technology you may have heard of. Clearly everyone concedes that interstellar travel is out of our reach, everyone seems satisfied with the assertion that we can and will colonize Mars (no love for Europa apparently). I'm not intending this to be a war of imagination. I believe there's only a small window in time where it was more cost effective to send humans than to try and send robots that could do human's jobs. At this point I think it's fairly obvious robots will be economically the much more viable space traveller in a few short years and we have yet to make serious attempts. Survivability for humans is so extremely low, technology will have to reach the point where it's essentially all magic before we'll gain the capacity to safely travel in space, meanwhile robots will have been improving on themselves and traveling space for hundreds of years by that point. Provided we don't blow ourselves up first, or die from a disease. Really, right here on our home turf we're not convinced we can survive more than a few more centuries, and yet somehow we think making other planets livable is doable. Change my view, make me believe in manifest destiny again. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!