There's been a lot of discussion about wealth inequality on Reddit lately and I have frequently seen people plugging rBasicIncome. They act as though it is the solution to all the problems the poor face. So I checked out their sub and read the FAQs and just found it really unconvincing. Basic Income, as I understand it, involves giving every single person money to live on, regardless of if they have a job or not. To finance it without printing more money, the government would remove all the various state provided welfare checks and possibly raise taxes on the rich (Usually higher capital gains taxes) The problem I have with it is that it ignores the fact that there will inevitably be people who can't handle money and end up wasting it all in some way. What will be done with these people? Basic Income stripped all the other welfare checks so what happens to someone who just cant take care of themselves? For example: Alcoholic drinks too much, causes problems for a landowner and gets kicked out onto the street. Alcoholic can't hold on to his money long enough to find another place to live and just keeps drinking on the street with his income. He is at risk of killing himself by doing this. What will the government do? Will it keep giving him money, or start placing restrictions on how he can spend it? The faq suggested that things such as Medicare would also be stripped to provide the basic income, so how would the guy be handled by a hospital? Would it be free? I feel like inevitably things like this would cause restrictions to be placed on how certain people spend their basic income and that is pretty much just a reversion back to the current system in the US. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!