I'd like to start by explaining what this is NOT about, to avoid responses that miss the point. I recognize that gender dysphoria and other gender identity disorders are real, serious, and cause a great deal of pain and confusion for a lot of people. I intend no disrespect toward those who suffer from these issues, and, in fact, it is out of my concern for them that this issue arises. I do not suffer from gender dysphoria and I do not pretend to know what they are going through. That said, I am male, I have plenty of sensibilities, preferences, and social behaviors that are more closely associated with femininity than masculinity, and I am quite comfortable with that. I worry that gender dysphoria is in essence an extreme situation where a male finds himself "feeling" female in the sense that his sensibilities are almost exclusively feminine (in accordance with how our culture defines such things), and that we are treating this dysfunction improperly by focusing on physically changing the person rather than helping the person understand and accept who he or she actually is. Common treatment for gender dysphoria currently includes surgical intervention and hormone treatment to permit the person suffering from the condition to have a body that coincides more closely with what they believe their body "should" be like. A person born as a male who, due to gender dysphoria, believes himself to be female, pays large amounts of money to have his genitals mutilated and is given hormones so that his body will exhibit secondary sex characteristics of a woman. A female with similar dysphoria will also commonly undergo surgical procedures to mutilate the genitals and fashion them to look somewhat like male genitals, and will commonly have her breasts removed, along with hormone therapy. All of this strikes me as a horribly misguided approach to addressing the problems these individuals face. First off, the stark reality is that if you are born a male, you are male. If you are born a female, you are female. It is incoherent to say that you were "supposed" to be something other than what you are. I don't doubt that many people genuinely hold this belief, but it is irrational. Many people hold many irrational beliefs, and it seems to me that the belief that you actually "are" the gender that you are not is a categorically irrational belief. It may be that you are an effeminate male who feels more comfortable socializing with women, who is sexually attracted to men, who finds himself drawn to activities or social norms commonly associated with women in our culture. That does not make you a woman. Nor is a female who feels more comfortable socializing with men, who finds herself sexually attracted to women, who enjoys traditionally "masculine" activities and naturally behaves in a manner that our culture has decided a "man" behaves in fact a "man" because of these traits. She is a woman with extensive masculine traits. That does not make her male. It seems farcical to me that individuals with gender dysphoria undergo gender reassignment surgery and hormone therapy, and then expect the world to treat them as though they are the gender that they are not. If you are born a male, you are male. "Feeling" like a female (whatever that means) does not change that, nor does having your penis and testicles removed, taking hormones to grow breasts, or wearing women's clothing. None of these things make you female. And I maintain that nobody truly, honestly considers that person to be a woman in the same sense as a woman who was born female. I think it is destructive and dishonest to pretend otherwise. Ultimately, gender dysphoria is not a physical problem. It is a psychological disorder. Women who "feel" like men should not receive treatment to "become" something physically resembling a man. They should receive treatment that allows them to accept what they in fact are a woman with extensive masculine sensibilities. It is okay to be a woman with extensive masculine sensibilities. It is okay to be an overtly feminine male. These personalities may not fit nicely into our social norms, but many people deviate from those norms, and it is okay to do so. I recognize how difficult this is in cultures where we are deeply entrenched in a traditional gender binary, but the problem is rooted in that fatally flawed binary, not in the fact that the masculine woman was born with female genitalia. So, if gender dysphoria is not a physical problem, why do we treat it physically? We don't tell schizophrenic people that the voices in their head are real, and ask everyone around them to participate in the dysfunctional farce plainly rooted in a psychological disorder. Why do we tell people with gender dysphoria that they are justified in believing that they are in fact the opposite gender, mutilate their genitals, and expect everyone around them to go along with their dysfunction? Why do we go along with their irrational belief, rather than providing treatment to correct it? One might attempt to analogize this view to widely discredited theories holding that one, through therapy, can "overcome" homosexuality. There are many problems with such an analogy - most notably, homosexuality is not, in and of itself, a problem. Absent the unfortunate existence of widespread homophobia, homosexuals would experience no difficulty whatsoever stemming from their attraction to other people of the same sex. It's a perfectly natural genetic variation that exists in essentially every species on the planet. By contrast, people with gender dysphoria, by definition, have a problem one that is presently treated by intense surgical intervention and hormone therapy. Stated simply, if you leave homosexuals alone, they are fine. If you leave people with gender dysphoria alone, they are tormented by psychological pain and stress from the dissonance associated with their perception that their physical selves and "true" or "inner" selves are not aligned. Homosexuals do not purport to need help. People with gender dysphoria do. That, to me, is a critical difference in the two groups that eviscerates any attempt to draw an analogy between their respective situations. In sum, to me, gender dysphoria appears to be a psychological problem that warrants a psychological solution. It is not a physical problem that warrants surgical intervention. People with gender dysphoria need help to break free of the confines of the traditional gender binary and social constructions of what constitutes a "man" or "woman," and to accept who and what they actually are. Mutilating and artificially altering their bodies does nothing to resolve this confusion in fact, it only adds to it. Am I wrong? Where is the flaw in my analysis? And, again, I want to emphasize that this in no way is meant to be oppressive or cruel to individuals who suffer from gender dysphoria. I cannot begin to imagine what these people go through. I am not here to judge them. I have no right to do so, and I have no intention of doing so. But, I worry that the presently accepted medical treatment for their issues is fundamentally misguided and exacerbates their problems rather than resolving them. EDIT: Lots of great responses, no time to respond to them all individually, but here are a few thoughts that apply to multiple posts: - The general theme of the more persuasive responses seems to be "for some people, this is the best we can do, it makes them feel better, so why not?" As one of my responses below indicates, if it's truly the only option we have for some people with gender dysphoria, then I don't have a problem with that per se. Eliminating it as an option for people who have no other options would certainly be cruel and unnecessary. But I am still troubled by the notion of treating what is clearly a psychological disorder by physically and irreversibly altering peoples' bodies in fairly extreme ways. I would hope that gender reassignment surgery is viewed as a treatment of last resort, to be used in situations where nothing has been effective and the options are surgery or misery. And I would also hope that the prevalence and availability of gender reassignment surgery does not inhibit research to find ways to help people with gender dysphoria to address the psychological dysfunction itself. This is the only psychological problem I am aware of where we allow the patient to proceed with a delusion, and physically alter their bodies consistent with the delusion. - I would also dispute this idea that gender reassignment is a universally effective treatment. As with most procedures of this nature, results vary, and a number of people who undergo the treatment experience short term relief, but little or no benefit in the long term, and possibly greater confusion andor depression associated with their dysphoria. I accept that in many cases, it turns out that gender reassignment is the only effective treatment presently available, and I think that's troubling. - I would also dispute the idea that the procedure is benign, or that it enables people to live normally. Let's be real - there are real differences between a woman born female and a transgender woman who was born male. They are treated differently, they are thought of differently, their experience of the world is different, and most importantly that male who has become physically more like a woman now has a far more limited opportunity to understand and accept what he actually is, which is an male, maybe overtly feminine by society's standards, maybe gay, and living with gender dysphoria. - When I say "psychological therapy" vs. "physical" therapy I'm not limiting this to sitting on a couch and talking about it. Intervention with therapeutic drugs is certainly an option, if they can find one that is effective. What I'm talking about is any treatment that recognizes the brain as the problem rather than the body. - I also want to emphasize again that this is not about me having some sort of personal discomfort with transgender people. I don't have an anti-trans agenda. I have concerns about treating a psychological disorder - which, I think, is what gender dysphoria is - by physically mutilating people so that their bodies are consistent with their dysfunction. Intuitively, that strikes me as counterproductive. But what I am criticizing here is the treatment method, not the person receiving it. If someone argues that chemotherapy is not an appropriate treatment for cancer, that doesn't mean the person making that argument has negative views about people with cancer. So, please save the accusations of bigotry. These concerns are not coming from a personal distaste or dislike for transgender people, and if you suggest otherwise, you are wrong, your accusations are out of line, and I will not tolerate your disrespect. Thanks again, everyone. You have definitely given me a lot to think about. Keep the comments coming! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!