Alright I'm sure you guys all know about yesallwomen. These tweets outline many issues women have to go through on a daily basis with men. It's very powerful and eye opening. I believe that violence towards women is a massive issue in the world, especially the culture that surrounds it in the US. However, the fact that many of the tweets deal with the fact that women get to assume that a man is going to harass them because men so frequently harass them, I believe that this hashtag is little more than stereotyping hiding behind statistics, and weak ones at that. The use of anecdotal evidence to support your behavior towards an entire group of the world unless they can show that they aren't the image you have of them is bigoted. The same thing happens in regards to race frequently, white people bring up statistics on crime to try and defend their stereotypes of black people, the only difference is that these statements are almost never rallied behind. I will do everything I can to try and decrease the issue of violence towards women, but I do not see why it should be ok to automatically assume something about a person just by seeing them on the street. So Reddit, Change my view; am I misunderstanding the movement, is there some other aspect besides being a man that we're talking about, or is it just so large an issue that the general consensus is that we should all allow this assumption until the central issue is resolved? Edit: Just so we're all clear, [this] article sums up my understanding of the activism, if it is incorrect I would like to know and would appreciate a better explanation or a link to a site that better explains it Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!