I've never seen someone benefit from homework. While I'll admit, the homework and grading system schools have implemented is pretty well thought out, homework has absolutely no value other than a grade. Most people argue, saying that homework gives a student opportunity to practice what they've learned. However, what I've noticed is that more students come back to school with blank papers and lots of questions; students seem to lose the knowledge they learned they day before, and can't implement it when actually attempting homework. I've seen many students stressed to the point of tears because of homework they can't understand. Not to mention, if kids take 6-8 classes, that's 6-8 classes they are getting homework in, and 6-8 homework assignments they have to complete in one night. High school students also come back to school with half done papers because teachers decide to assign massive outlines or big packets to do in a matter of couple nights. I am not saying that it's OK for students to give up on homework because they don't care, but homework sometimes burns out kids. Massive assignments sometimes take a whole night to finish alone, and no student wants to spend a whole night doing nothing but homework. The average student isn't going to have that kind of work ethic; maybe a few kids will be able to stick it out, but most will eventually abandon it. How is a student supposed to learn from an assignment when they can't even get through it all? The most apparent point is that even after students complete their homework, most don't learn from what they've done. You can give a class of 30 students homework assignments for a week, but most of the knowledge comes from a teacher actually giving a lecture, or a student studying on their own time. Students only do homework because they need the grade to move on in their life, they aren't learning anything from it. Many teachers hope that making their students write a word ten times each will help them to memorize it, but students will glaze over what they're writing, and finish the assignment without knowing a thing. TL;DR: I believe homework doesn't help students because 1) Some students don't understand the subject enough to even complete the homework 2) Some students don't complete homework because teachers assign lengthy assignments in a short amount of time 3) Even after spending a whole night on homework, some students still just don't gather anything from doing it, and just complete it for a grade Homework isn't really good for anything except giving students grades to be judged on. It doesn't benefit anyone in the end, and leaves students with less time for any other important factors in their lives. Homework is basically sheets of paper designed to keep students busy after school. CMV