Even though people can never be equal, their access to education and opportunity can be made more nearly equal. The right of the people is not the right to office and power, but the right to access every avenue that will nourish and test their fitness for office and power. The right to office and power belong to the fittest. This is a privilege that it is good for society for the individual to have. (Durant, 1968) I assume that society has duties that need to be fulfilled competently in order for society to flourish. That it is good to appoint the fittest individuals to office is a truism, because labeling an individual as "fit" just means that they perform well in office. What it means to be fit for various offices depends on the nature and purpose of the office. In general the fitness of an individual refers to both their capacity to fulfill the requirements placed upon them by the tasks of office and the extent to which they do fulfill those requirements. I assume that the fitness of individuals for various offices is a state that is relatively stable, but nevertheless open to modification through deliberate actions. This is to say that there are courses of action available to individuals and societies that will effectively increase the fitness of an individual for office. I assume that tests can be developed to measure the degree of fitness of individuals with greater validity and reliability than random guessing. Any historically popular criteria such as wealth, family lineage, war achievements, or popularity can be thought as criteria for specific kinds of tests whose validity and reliability, in terms of the fitness of officials they recommend for office, are subject to empirical confirmation. Their validity and reliability can be compared with the validity and reliability of various other criteria such as general mental ability, personality traits, and biographical factors, etc. to establish the most valid and reliable criteria for tests of individuals' fitness for office. A society that invests in its human capital by nourishing the fitness of all of its people will increase the overall fitness and value of its human capital. By opening up the opportunity for all to apply and have their fitness for office tested it is increasing the sample size of the candidates considered for office. By both increasing the average fitness of the entire population and drawing candidates from the entire population, the society dramatically increases the likelihood of its officials being among the fittest for the job. A society that raises economic, legal or other barriers to the conditions necessary for the nourishment of fitness to office is devaluing its own human capital by decreasing the overall fitness for office of its people. A society that uses invalid and unreliable criteria for the selection of officials is devaluing the value of its government by decreasing the overall fitness for office of its officials. On the assumption that the effectiveness of various officials in both the private and public sector of a society is positively related to the well-being of the society, one can conclude that it is good for a society to grant the right to equality of opportunity to office and power. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!