As it stands where I am (UK), if you want parts of your body that can be salvaged at the event of your death to be used to help sick patients, you need to go out of your way to fill in an Organ Donation form. You must check boxes to specify which parts you are happy to be used, sign and have a referee sign also. Once this process is completed you are given a donor card, to be kept on your person, (as well as having your opinion registered on a nation-wide database) that will give to go-ahead to doctors if you end up recently-deceased in a trauma room, without the need to contact relatives for consent. Since this process is 'opt-in', a great many people never bother with it. When these individuals go past the point of no return in AE, the medical staff are obliged to seek consent from family members, as they rightly should, before removing any viable organs for transplant. However this takes time and when it comes to organ transplant, minutes hours can make the difference between a viable organ and medical waste. I understand why individuals should be given the choice as to what is done with their remains after they have died, and I agree that they should be given this choice. However, I believe that, "yes I am happy for my body parts to be used to help others," should be the default position of an individual and that if they have any issue with this, an option given to 'opt out' of organ donation, either completely or partially. I feel like this would prevent body parts going to waste and streamline the donation process. I think organ donation should be 'opt out', not 'opt in'. Change my view. edit: Just to clarify, I am not suggesting coercing unwilling individuals into organ donation. Rather, allowing people with strong feelings about it to opt out and casting a net that will catch apathetic or lazy individuals who don't have strong feelings about it i.e. potentially willing donors that have not opted in. edit: 'minutes' to 'hours' edit: Lots of interesting things to think about here. Primary counter-arguments seem to be orbiting around 'ownership' or 'property rights' of one's corpse and the moral questionably of having a state run organsiation have implicit rights to the body after death. I am accepting these as valid points. Also problems with consent, specifically the 'sneaking' of consent by requiring an active opt out, rather than a passive one. I am however going to say, that after four hours, my view at this time remains unchanged. Thanks for all the input. I'll come back later and review the arguments.