In the wake of President Ronald Reagan's second landslide election in 1984 conservatives had to be optimistic for the prospects of the Republican Party and their ideas. Reagan won 49 states. Conservatism was in vogue while liberalism was in retreat thanks to the political correctness backlash. Alex Keaton (a stalwart Reaganite) played by Michael J. Fox on the TV show "Family Ties" was among the most popular Hollywood characters in America. The Rehnquist Court was about to dominate the judiciary for the next two decades. Jack Welch, a Republican, the CEO of General Electric, was the leading business icon of the time. Rupert Murdoch, the owner of News Corp., was about to embark on a crusade to establish a beachhead for conservative voices in the news media with the cable news pioneer, Fox News. However, conservatives through mostly their own fault and incompetence blew chance after chance at shaping the country to their liking. If they had accomplished most of their goals they would be in a strong position to push back against what they now view as an insufferable and dominate liberal culture. Moreover, the failings that conservatives had during this period has no equal to similar liberal failings outside of the anti-war backlash and stagflation period of the 1970s. The downfall began with the Iran-Contra mishap and cover-up by the Reagan administration which torpedoed the president's popularity and led to the Republicans losing eight Senate seats and control of the Senate in the 1986 mid-term elections. The loss of Senate cost Reagan his Robert Bork nomination to the Supreme Court which rejected his appointment. The more moderate conservative, Anthony Kennedy, replaced him to the everlasting regret of conservatives. They gnash their teeth at how many decisions went the other way because Kennedy sided with the liberal justices over the conservative justices. In 1986, GE acquired RCA which owned NBC. Rather than appointing a more conservative chief to head the studio like Rupert Murdoch did when he started Fox News, Welch went with Bob Wright, then president of GE Financial Services. Wright found a rising star in Jeff Zucker, a typical left-leaning Hollywood executive, who kept NBC a fairly liberal network as he rose in the ranks from president of NBC Entertainment in 2000 to becoming CEO of NBC by 2005. If Welch had put a more conservative CEO in place at NBC, Fox News may never have become the sole outlet of conservative voices. Conservatives would have been a part of the "mainstream" media instead of always agitating against it and looking foolish for doing so. Shows like "Family Ties" and "The Cosby Show" would still have a place on TV and conservative ideas and talent wouldn't be marginalized in Hollywood as they would have the full backing of a legendary network like NBC. Moreover, MSNBC motto today might be "The Right Ideas Now" instead of "Lean Forward." George H.W. Bush carried 40 states in the 1988 presidential election running as Reagan's third term (whose popularity had recovered by the time he left office). Bush's famous campaign pledge "Read my lips, no new taxes," was stupidly broken in the 1990 budget agreement with Congressional Democrats. This instantly confirmed to movement conservatives their suspicions that they were right to oppose his challenge to Reagan for the 1980 Republican presidential nomination. Bush compounded his mistake by nominating David Souter to the Supreme Court as a supposedly "stealth conservative" justice. His pick backfired almost immediately as Souter became a reliable liberal who along with the more moderate justices Sandra Day O'Connor and Kennedy thwarted much of the conservative impact of the Rehnquist Court and later Roberts Court. Despite his sky-high approval ratings following the success of 1990-91 Gulf War, Bush lost his reelection to a relatively unknown Arkansas governor, Bill Clinton, who was himself was hobbled by credible allegations of womanizing and became the punchline of every SNL skit made famous by comedian Phil Hartman. After successfully taking both houses of Congress for the first time in four decades in the 1994 midterm elections, the Republicans almost immediately went about blowing their mandate by shutting down the government in a dumb showdown with President Clinton over the budget led by Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich. After recovering from that debacle by forcing Clinton to sign welfare reform in 1996 and a balanced budget in 1997 the Republicans then decided to impeach Clinton over his affair with Monica Lewinsky in 1998. This decision, which failed to remove Clinton from office, cost them five House seats in the 1998 midterm elections instead of gaining seats as is typical during the "six-year itch" of second-term midterm elections. George W. Bush was narrowly elected president in 2000 on a platform of "compassionate conservatism," a rebuke of the foibles of Gingrich-led Congress (Gingrich left the Speakership and Congress in Jan. 1999). After 9-11, Bush took the country into a war against a country, Iraq that had nothing to do with the terrorist attacks that day. The incompetence of the case for, planning, execution, and premature celebration of victory of the Iraq War turned most Americans against the Bush administration and the vocal conservative backers of the war. Even though Bush narrowly won reelection in 2004 and the Republicans expanded their Congressional majorities, voters had had enough, so that despite a decent economy, Democrats swept both houses of Congress during the 2006 midterm elections on a platform of "Move-on" from Bush and the two Middle East wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. The final death knell of the Republican brand which made conservative ideas toxic to the electorate was the financial crisis and recession starting in 2008. Democrats were successful in painting the cause of the recession as a product of "unfettered" capitalism run amok and greedy Wall Street bankers taking advantage of homeowners for their own personal profit. Whether this is true or not, the candidate that the Republicans nominated in 2008, John McCain, had either nothing to say on the matter since his eye was on keeping American troops in the Iraq even though most voters rejected that policy or appeared clueless when he decided to suspend his campaign in late September during the presidential election. The election of Barack Obama as president caused an almost immediate voter backlash beginning with his effort to overhaul the health care system in what became the Affordable Care Act or is otherwise known as Obamacare. The Republicans retook the House of Representatives in Congress in 2010 on the strength of the Tea Party movement. They could have also recaptured the Senate if it was not for mistakes made by nominated flawed and untested Tea Party challengers like Sharron Angle of Nevada and Christine O'Donnell of Delaware. Although to be fair, Marco Rubio of Florida and Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania were elected with the enthusiasm brought by Tea Party voters. The Tea Party still held considerable sway with conservatives in the 2012 presidential election. Mitt Romney, the most plausible Republican nominee, was forced to waste time and money fighting off weak and barely credible opponents in Newt Gingrich, Herman Cain, and Rick Santorum. Instead of uniting the party to face a wounded, but still potent President Obama, conservatives fought with each other as to who would be the most "severely" conservative candidate. As Romney went about securing the nomination, he campaigned in the most awkward and agonizing fashion imaginable. He kept the news media on his case with his weird gaffes like "Corporations are people, my friend," "I like being able to fire people," and his proposed 10,000 bet with Texas Gov. Rick Perry. Romney's campaign was hurt badly by his own self-inflicted wound, the "47 percent" speech given at a fundraiser in May 2012. Romney wasn't helped by the "slut" joke about Sandra Fluke made by the leading conservative radio host Rush Limbaugh and the twin rape comments made by Senate candidates Todd Akin of Missouri and Richard Mourdock of Indiana, both of whom went on to lose races they had a strong chance to win if not for those offensive remarks. The final nail in the coffin for conservatives in the 2012 election was their blind dismissal of the polls which showed Obama with a narrow, but steady lead against Romney. Up until election night, Republicans and conservatives believed the true voter intent could be determined by "unskewing" the polls by giving more weight in the polls to the Republican sample and less weight to the Democratic sample. They were so wrong that they made Nate Silver, then most famously known as a baseball sabermetrician, a household name when he correctly predicted the presidential results in all 50 states. Rupert Murdoch, the owner of News Corp. and 20th Century Fox, is famous for giving conservatives Fox News, but he blundered in two potentially culture changing acquisitions to shape the media landscape for the Millennial generation and beyond. In 2005, News Corp. acquired Myspace, then the leading social website for 580 million. That acquisition was almost immediately regrettable because for only a half-billion more Murdoch could have acquired Facebook (In 2006, Facebook was in talks with Yahoo to be acquired for one billion dollars). Myspace tanked shortly thereafter as users fled to Facebook and other social networks and it was subsequently sold for just 35 million in 2011. Perhaps stung by the failing Myspace acquisition, Murdoch went looking for a media property in an industry he was intimately familiar with: newspapers. In 2007, he bought Dow Jones, the owner of the Wall Street Journal, for 5 billion even though he had to know physical newsprint was definitely not the future of news media. By early 2009, News Corp. wrote down 2.8 billion of its investment in Dow Jones. Murdoch could have spent his billions in so many other ways in emergent new media. He could have bought the Huffington Post, which was started in 2005 for a few of tens of millions of dollars. He could have invested in LinkedIn (founded in 2002). He could have gotten YouTube before Google acquired it in 2006. His investments may not have all panned out, but for 5 billion Murdoch could have spread his conservative inclinations into many more outlets than what he has right now. This has been a long historical look back at where conservatives have shot themselves in the foot with little help from anyone but their own incompetence, stupidity, arrogance, blindness and foolishness. They could have been, if not in a dominate position culturally, politically, and legally, than equal peers with the liberal influencers in society if they only made better, wiser and often predictable decisions during the past three decades. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!