I hope we can all agree that a person is entitled to reap the rewards of their labor. Most of you have likely been raised under a system of capitalism that promotes this tenet. If someone manages to invent a good or service that the public finds valuable, they should be rewarded for their contribution to society. However, as much as I appreciate capitalism, I have realized that it is an amoral system that can lead to undue suffering. It is for this reason that you find quite a bit of socialism prevalent in America despite the fact that our nation reveres capitalism and democracy. The next logical question with regards to estate taxes is whether or not the family of a successful capitalist is entitled to the rewards of the deceased person's labor. The notion that a select few people deserve to live a life of luxury simply because their ancestors were brilliant capitalists makes little sense to me and I don't see how it benefits society. And to be fair, levying estate taxes on dead wealthy people doesn't violate their rights... because they're dead. On the other hand, I suppose it violates their heirs' right to the pursuit of happiness? That seems like a stretch. I suppose you also have the right to be secure in your property, but where was the right to your dead relatives' property ever established? Sure, the tradition of inheritance predates written history, but it has never been a right. In fact, many inheritance traditions are incredibly prejudicial, such as only allowing the firstborn son to inherit all of the wealth. Income inequality and wealth disparity [have been proven to be detrimental to a society] . The greater the gap, the more desperate the poor become, and it is only human for desperate people to take desperate actions. The ultra rich will tell you that there is a "trickle down effect" from their coffers, but history has shown us just what a trickle it truly is. I speculate that when you have a disproportionate amount of the money supply controlled by a tiny fraction of the population, the velocity of money will drop because the rich will not be actively using as high a proportion of their wealth as the average person. Any economist will agree that slow money velocity makes for poor economic health. One major point regarding estate taxes that many people seem to miss is what they really are - they are a completely different animal from income tax, sales tax, and property tax. Estate taxes are quite simply forced wealth redistribution. The problem I have is not with wealth redistribution itself, but that the money collected by the government is not distributed directly to the least wealthy, or even to programs that aid the less fortunate. In my opinion any taxes collected from estates should ONLY be allocated to social programs such as social security, healthcare, and education. It is reprehensible for money to be taken from a deceased individual and be used to fund military actions that result in the deaths of other humans. Finally, there is longstanding historical precedent for limiting inheritance and it should be noted that the current generational transfers of wealth are greater than they have ever been historically. In ancient times, funeral rites for lords and chieftains involved significant wealth expenditure for sacrifices to religious deities, feasting, and ceremonies. The well-to-do were literally buried or burned along with most of their wealth. These traditions may have been imposed by religious edict but they served a real purpose. They prevented accumulation of great disparities of wealth which helped prevent destabilization of societies, social imbalances, eventual revolution, and disruption of functional economic systems.