With all the horrific events going on in the world today, conversation have emerged based on politics policy, but our lack of interest in protecting human civil liberties have been ignored. Looking at the PalestinianIsraeli conflict, conversation stems from a political point of view, as to whether or not either states actions are justified. The closing of the borders, the inhumane treatment of Palestinians, the occupation of Palestinian land are all reasons to support the Palestinians in this conflict. The firing of rockets indiscriminately into Israel, the right of Israel to defend itself the role Israel plays as a first world country in a third world region are reasons to support Israel. Ignoring all of those aspects and focusing primarily on the question "Does the world have a duty to protect the rights of all people?" Should we legitimize the political actions of sovereign nations, if those nations are guilty of the following: Suppression of education, the non-belief that all people should be treated equally, the use of power to stunt the upward movement of their citizens. If we look at the war torn regions of the world, we can see that the powers ruling most of these lands, are guilty of the human rights violations listed above. However the conflicts that they are engaged in do not revolve around this. Take the Civil War going on in Syria for example. The Assad regime is fighting with rebel groups for years now, for the sole purpose of maintaining control power. These rebel groups are not fighting to liberate the people of their country. They are not fighting for woman's rights, for the right of all people to get an education, for the right to own property and pursue prosperity. They are fighting to oust Assad, so that they can be the ruling party that will continue to ascribe to policies that the First World should condemn. When we look at conflicts in the world, and when we look at regimes without conflicts (Saudi Arabia for example) should we legitimize the political views and standpoints of these nations, if they do not grant their citizens the basic rights of humans? We (the U.S.) have taken positions against countries like North Korea, that we will not legitimize their actions and international influence, because of their inhumane policies and human rights violations. However other places like Saudi Arabia, get a pass in these regards, and their human rights violations are ignored. If Saudi Arabia were to engage in a war with an oppressive nation, should we back the Saudi Arabians if they do not ascribe to the same ideologies of liberty and freedom for all? In other words should there be a precursor to our perspectives of international politics and policy that requires the nations whom we support to provide their citizens the things listed above? In my opinion, nations that do not ascribe to the above, should not be defended by international communities, even if they've been politically wronged. Ignoring the larger injustices that these countries cause their own people, in support of political injustices that we see as "wrong" legitimizes the actions of the ruling parties, and changes the debate from "should we protect those who refuse to act according to first world principles?" to "Are they right or wrong in this particular conflict?." Doing the latter, in my opinion, focuses our ideas on solutions for resolving immediate problems, while completely ignoring the bigger picture. Should we have a fundamental agreement as to what we expect from ruling nations, in order for us to defend their political agendas? I say we should. Countries who do not ascribe to First World principles, should not have their actions evaluated based on First World principles. The argument is, that by supporting any specific political agenda we ignore the larger political and inhumane injustice. Ignoring the root of the problem and focusing on any specific incident, is like finding a way to manage a disease never looking for the cure. I believe we should look for the cure, act based on finding the cure when ways to manage the disease arise, we should not act based on the management of the disease, because it doesn't cure the disease, it just continues to let it spread. Change My View. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!