So my dad and i got into a discussion as to whether the Adolf Eichmann defense, also known as the Nuremberg defense, of "i was only following orders" was a good enough reason for anyone to plea, and we were both stuck; neither of us could really decide if it was or wasn't. So i will let rchangemyview be the decider. To be clear: in my research, i never found and evidence of Adolf Eichmann saying "I was only following orders," the closest he ever said was during his 1961 trial was as follows: "I cannot recognize the verdict of guilty. . . . It was my misfortune to become entangled in these atrocities. But these misdeeds did not happen according to my wishes. It was not my wish to slay people. . . . Once again I would stress that I am guilty of having been obedient, having subordinated myself to my official duties and the obligations of war service and my oath of allegiance and my oath of office, and in addition, once the war started, there was also martial law. . . . I did not persecute Jews with avidity and passion. That is what the government did. . . . At that time obedience was demanded, just as in the future it will also be demanded of the subordinate." -Adolf Eichmann I went into the discussion with my father leaning towards a "no" towards this question, but, through playing devil's advocate, i came out of it leaning towards "yes." I keep coming to this example: if Eichmann had been told in person by Adolf Hitler to murder someone, and Eichmann said "no" to Hitler's face, Hitler would certainly ordered Eichmann in front of a firing squad. With this I argued that the higher up the Chain of Command you are, the more guilty you are. But Eichmann was not near the bottom at all. He oversaw the execution of Jews in Budapest. Eichmann, in my opinion, had justice served to him by being convicted. He stated over and over that he was too insignificant to do anything about the genocide, but that simply isn't true. He claimed he was ashamed of what he did but, while he might have been after the war, during the war he showed no remorse. I am so unsure on this. Reddit: CMV!