Why I want this view changed? I feel about it pretty strongly and all of these are basically going against most relationship advice I hear that is considered mature, while my mentality is often regarded as shallow or immature. I wand to understand better where the other side is coming from. Title explains it summed up, here are my arguments and additional views that may be relevant: 1. Relationship is not superior to being single and should not be searched for at all cost. Relationship should be wanted only when there is a person you want to be in a relationship with. 2. You either want someone or you don't. You are either attracted to them or you aren't. They can be nice and compatible, but if they aren't what you want, there is no point in trying to make it work for the sake of being nice or fair. Relationships aren't deserved. 3. Preferring physically attractive people does not make you shallow. In fact it is shallow to assume that relationships are so important that person's preferences in them determine their whole depth as human beings. 4. There is no objective measure as to what should or shouldn't be changed for the sake of your partner. You have to take the person for what they are and not imagine you will change them, or compromise and change yourself for them (unless it is a change you want to make yourself.) For example, it is considered unreasonable to expect your SO to stop talking to someone you don't like, but it is reasonable to expect your SO to stop drinking every day. In my opinion, no one owes their partner a change, and no one owes a relationship - you can leave over anything you don't like and you don't have to change anything you don't want to. BUT there should be no hard feelings because neither side is a bitch or a jerk for their choice. It's not a moral issue either. 5. No one owes a relationship. It is ok to only want sex with someone hot over wanting a relationship and looking for "deeper" things, that isn't in any way a moral issue. 6. Standards aren't objective, even though many people might share the same standards. You don't have to give back everything you expect, you simply have to know what you want and someone either fits or doesn't. 7. It is stupid that people get offended for not being someone's type. You aren't hurting anyone by not wanting to be with them over something, even if they think the reason isn't fair. Relationships aren't favors or rewards anyway. 8. There is no bad reason to end a relationship. I keep hearing people say how someone broke up with them over something dumb - think of it, the dumber the reason someone breaks up with you over, the more it means that the relationship wasn't that important to them in the first place. Which means the break up was necessary, even more so than when people in love break up over something big and understandable. 9. Being with someone, or staying with someone, you don't want the most is harming not only you but them as well. Someone might like them more than you do, so committing yourself while not that attracted or for the sake of keeping the relationship effort was put in is in fact disrespectful to the other person. Therefore they should not get angry but understand the situation. EDIT uKrayonFisher made me reconsider the point 8 by pointing out that emotions aren't constant. I still agree with point 8 in principle, but emotions can be deceptive. Sometimes we are made to feel we want to leave someone we actually really like because of some insecurities, protective mechanism or baggage from the past. That was a valid point and people should analyze their reasons rather than just break up at the drop of a hat. It's still ok to leave over anything, but you have to be sure you yourself are aware of what your reasons are. EDIT 2: uupvotz4u changed my view drastically by talking about polyamorous relationships. I suggest everyone interested to read that whole argument, I found it very interesting and it affected how I see things a lot. So now I would say, the issue is the general flaw in most monogamous relationships and way they work, that are now that I think about it, almost built to ruin the partners to each other by putting burdens on them that almost no person can carry and restricting them when their partner can't provide what they need. A different approach to relationships all together seems much healthier and avoids most of the issues i mentioned here. However problem still is that these type of relationships may not be something many people can handle, at least not at this point. But a lot about them makes so much sense to me that now I would change the focus of this view all together because it is only a little part of a much bigger problem underneath.