Here are some of the main arguments for vegetarianism that I have heard. 1. It's essentially been proven that humanity could live on what we farm from the ground - in short that a vegetarian diet would suffice to sustain humanity if done correctly. So yes, it's wrong to farm animals because it's bad for the environment and we could feed more of the earth on vegetables alone. There would be less pesticides and less antibiotics. In short it would in general be better to not have that second step of meat to get calories into human bodies. No argument from me on that. 2. All sorts of chemicals are used in meat processing, you can more easily get cancer, higher cholesterol from meat, arguably in most cases a vegetarian diet is better for your health. I agree. 3. With society living on an all-veg diet, there would be better working conditions for the food industry, less people killed in slaughterhouses, etc. This is true and important as well. My main problem is when we get into ethical questions like, "I don't think that something else should die so that I can be happy." Or, "Why are animals any different from humans? Would you kill a human?" My main moral stance is - killing animals that you keep on a farm is dishonest. You feed them, take care of them, and they expect you to continue to provide for them. There is an unwritten contract that you form between the animal and yourself when you take it under your care. But then instead of continuing to give it treats and keep it safe, you end its life. Even though you tell yourself that you are working in the animal's best interests, you are not. So you are effectively breaking your own promise and lying to yourself. On the other hand, if you are out in the forest - the animals out there hate and avoid you you from day one. They never expect anything good out of you - it's more of a question of who is smarter, faster, more fit. If it's a smaller predator like a coyote, you might hunt them one day, but if you get injured and can't move they will bite your face off. So it's a mutually understood game and you are not lying to yourself in any way. Same goes for the ocean. There is no contract that you ever try to fool yourself into making with yourself and a fish, in fact if you fell off of your boat you are in grave danger a huge portion of the time. I would love to hear people's perspective on this. Edit: I have to go to bed. I'll pick up tomorrow if it's still alive and active.