I don't think homosexuality is disgusting or degrading, but I do think that it doesn't address the point of marriage, at least from a "traditional" social perspective, is to make children. The "Family," a group typically including a man and woman and their kids, is the oldest social unit in the world and has survived different governments and multiple civilizations. It's been proven to work. Homosexual marriage was not a thing back then, and the vast majority of babies good or bad have been raised by heterosexual couples. I don't hat gay people. I'm an atheist; I don't think they're "yucky." But, from a strictly historical perspective, homosexual couples don't raise the best children. Like it or not, the two genders typically act differently and have to act differently if they don't want to be shunned. And a woman and woman relationship won't have the intimate knowledge of being a man necessary to raising a "good" man. Not saying it's impossible, but, from a strictly historical perspective, it is less likely. Please don't misunderstand me. I am not a Christian, and all the criticism I've heard against "traditional" marriage people seems to be aimed at Christians. But I'm not a Christian, so much of the arguments I've heard neither accepts nor redresses my opinions. And it's not a firm opinion at all. Gun to my head, I probably wouldn't mind allowing a few gay marriages. I know it's weird that I'm so fixated on all this family stuff, and it probably sounds a bit insane-conservative to you. I don't know though. This is so much the kind of thing that's none of my business, but I still have all these assumptions float into my head when someone broaches this topic. EDIT: People seemed to be confused about whether my objection is to marriage or adoption. I guess I wouldn't care about gay marriage if hypothetically orphans didn't exist. The title is a little misleading and a bit bombastic I suppose. To clarify the title: I don't exactly oppose gay marriage because it's none of my business, but, at the same time, a child growing up with homosexual parents wouldn't get the full spectrum of female and male perspective which, for the time being, differ in a few ways. Admittedly, I have no way to prove this opinion because that's what it is: an opinion. I didn't mean to make this into a politically charged thing, and I don't really have a political opinion on the issue. I just think that same sex marriage is a major shift in the history of marriage and that it should be scrutinized from all angles. That said, keep the comments coming. Each one is interesting.