I'm always in favor of public rights-of-way being maintained, and I think that local roads are best funded with property or land value tax rather than tolls. However, I do not think that big capital investments should come from tax revenues. I live in Washington State, which has a lot of water and mountains. The state maintains the third-largest ferry fleet in the world to navigate the numerous islands, one of which I grew up on. The ferry system is paid for partially by fares and partially by gas tax revenue, as it is considered part of the state highway system. A mile of ferry route requires capital costs for the boat and terminals, and operating costs for the crew and fuel. A mile of road on flat ground requires only the captital cost of construction and maintenance. To me, it seems rediculous that someone driving over a piece of cheap road should subsidize my family to live out on an island. Elsewhere in the state, a debate is ongoing about implementing tolls on another long, expensive bridge. To summarize a few negative consequences of this policy of spreading the costs of expensive infrastructure across all drivers: It encourages sprawl. Many of the islands were sparsely-inhabited decades-ago, sought-after by those who were willing to sacrifice convenience for solitude. Without subsidized transportation, inaccessible land would have remained a mix of public parks, tourist havens, and private retreats. Those things still exist, but there's a number of commuters who drive daily to the economic centers on the mainland. Improving transportation connections to a location brings in those who were previously discouraged by the inconvenience of those living there, displacing those who sought out the area for exactly that reason. Spreading the costs of expensive choices around discourages the efficient use of resources. People who might otherwise live closer to jobs and stores instead burn more fuel and use more tax revenue because they do not pay a proportionate personal cost for doing so. While I focused mostly on islands in Puget Sound in this example, another good example would be the [Sunshine Coast] of British Columbia. Though on the mainland, the region is not connected by road to the rest of the province. There's currently a lobbying effort to change that. Article] Having visited this area, which gets a certain amount of tourism because of the novelty of its remoteness, I don't understand why anyone would want to remove its defining quality. I don't believe that these projects should not be built, only that they should be self-sufficient with user fees. Please change my view.