Rchangemyview, I have a challenge for you: Equal Opportunity Vs. Equal Outcomes I recently decided to make an roffmychest about my position on the notions of equality and a couple of comments were made, but in each instance the comments posted seemed to go off topic, venturing toward mildly related subjects that seemed to fit more what commenters wanted to argue about rather than actually debating what I was proposing. Here's my original posting:[Original Posting] My assertion is we have equal opportunity in this country and the proposed issues of discrimination and "inequality" that exist reflect from one's perspectives of outcomes vs. effort expended; I believe people inaccurately judge the different levels of efforts vs. the reward attained at the end as being synonmyous with the equality of the opportunities that exist when in fact they are wholly separate elements. Since then, I've had time to refine my position a bit so that I can articulate these assertions better. To sum up: We have equal opportunity in the U.S. I believe this has been the case since the civil rights movement succeeded in fixing quite a few problems and even more so with the creation of the Equal Opportunity Employment Act, I believe that from a logical and legal standard, we have equality in this country. Thus, any policy that exists beyond the aforementioned Act are in fact creating an element of inequality that cause the standards of equality, fairness, and balance to be tipped in favor of one group over another. What I pose to you, rChangemyview, is that you read what has been expressed in my original post and provide a solid rebuttal. I'm always open to different perspectives and I would very much like to know if I indeed hold an invalid or logically flawed outlook on the situation. There's even comments from someone who disagreed with my initial assertion, but I feel that they were arguing something, while somewhat related to what we were discussing, it was not directly the issue we were exchanging. I warn you, though, this comment is VERY long and had to be divided into two parts due to its size. I honestly think it will be worth the read, and I really hope to promote a very hearty and healthy discussion about the points I've made. And if you disagree, please, be clear in why you don't agree with what I have to say. I'm very much interested in seeing this issue through other people's perspectives. EDIT: I appreciate everyone's responses and I'm sorry I've not been able to respond as quickly as I would have liked. Work family functions and a trip to the VA kinda did take priority. That said. All of you have made good points and as some have stated, I need to research the subject more closely. The foundations of my assertions have been purely formulated off what logic I felt could be applied, along with personal experience. While you've not changed my view, you have given me a reason to seek the knowledge to gain a better understanding, and that's a start.