So about a year ago I learned of Bitcoin for the first time, I have always been quite into economics and ideology and the idea of a global currency with no real controlling body really excited me. I will briefly outline the main reasons why I believe Bitcoin is the future of money. 1. Bitcoin cannot be printed like a traditional state-run currency. Quantitative easing has often been used as a means for governments to raise necessary funds for large scale infrastructure projects, and for wars. While this can often be very useful it has the unfortunate side-effect of nasty inflation which can often lead to currency devaluation. Not allowing this would decrease the money wasted on war and force governments to be more responsible with the money they raise. 2. Bitcoin is global. Many people will argue that a global currency is a bad plan and are infact fearful of globalization, but realistically globalization has been happening for years and will continue to do so, Bitcoin makes it incredibly frictionless to trade across the globe with people from anywhere, no pointless conversion fees, no capital controls. 3. Bitcoin is decentralized. This is an important 1, there is a famous quote which I believe in that goes as follows: "Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely. Bitcoin is a democracy, anyone can contribute and much like reddit the cream rises to the top, all without giving any single party control. 4. Bitcoin is more secure. Okay, this one might be more controversial, my thinking behind it is as follows: You have 100 in your wallet and get mugged, the mugger takes your 100 and there is nothing you can do. With Bitcoin your money could be stored on the cloud and password protectedencrypted. The only way to get access to it would be via torture or some clever hacking skills. For the average consumer it would be safer to have Bitcoin than physical cash. 5. It's digital. Millions of dollars worth of metals are used producing all of our coins, millions more are spent on credit cards, paper notes, cheque books and all of the staff required to run a normal currency. Bitcoin cuts out the bureaucracy and saves resources. Some might argue that Bitcoin mining uses up more power, but I suspect that Paypal, VISA, Mastercard, the computers and servers used by central banks is probably higher. I have no stats to back this up, sorry. 6. It's efficient, extremely low fees and transfers limited only by the speed at which we can send data. 7. Potential future applications. The blockchain has potential for a huge range of other applications beyond just normal money, projects such as NXT and XCP. The combination of all of these reasons leads me to believe that it is only a matter of time before the world adapts to use Bitcoin or something very similar that inherits most of the properties of Bitcoin. The biggest concerns I have are of deflation and the markets being too free (no consumer protections).