First of all, I would like to say that what the Nazis did with their eugenics was horrible. However, I believe this to be quite a different matter. The main difference being that the fetus has no feelings and will not suffer from its abortion. The reason that I wanted to discuss this, was the following tweet from a while back by Richard Dawkins: Oh, how this man has a way with words. s This was his response to one of his followers tweeting "I honestly don't know what I would do if I were pregnant with a kid with Down Syndrome. Real ethical dilemma.." I was surprised at this backlash. When I asked my friends, it turned out pretty much everybody was against forced abortion as well. After some research, it turns out that others who have proposed mandatory abortions of fetusses with Down syndrome have also received gigantic backlash (even being thrown out of their political parties). Still, I would like to change this view, because my feelings tell me that this is absolutely horrible and I therefore do not want to want this. Now my reasons for believing this: -Handicapped people will, on average, cost society more money than the average personcontribute less to society. -Somewhat related to the previous point: the parents could, to put it as bluntly as Dawkins himself, 'try again' and this time, they will most likely have a child without birth defects or some other kind of handicap. -The child will cause the people around them a lot of stress, more than a normal child. Stress that could be avoided and should therefore be avoided. The two main arguments against my point of view, I think, would be: -Slippery slope: What exactly would a handicap be? Who decides what defect is enough for a forced abortion, and what defect isn't? However, I don't think this means that we should simply avoid the whole issue altogether, merely because we can't define exactly what constitutes a handicap. As an example, the government also deals with handicapped people. They need to decide who is and who isn't handicapped (and who therefore deserves money to help them with their disability and privileges such as special parking spots). It is quite clear that Down syndrome and Huntington's disease have huge effects, not only on the child's parents and siblings, but also on all of society and of course on the child itself.. That would be enough to qualify as a handicap. Also. this argument sounds quite [fallacious] . There is quite a large difference between aborting fetusses diagnosed with Down syndrome and aborting all fetusses that will not have blue eyes and blond hair. The government also controls the army, but that doesn't mean they are just going to shoot everybody they don't like. -It can't be enforced: how could the government enforce this? The government could simply force all women to register their pregnancies and force them to have their fetusses tested for birth defects. Sure, this might lead to people hiding pregnancies, but just because it isn't a definitive solution doesn't mean that the law shouldn't be there. It will still cause many fetusses that would otherwise have been born with a handicap to be aborted. One could argue that this law would violate the rights of the woman to control her own body, however, that's what laws do. Should we not be sending people to prison, because people should have control over their own body? EDIT: Thanks for all the responses! I notice that you are all very much convinced that I'm wrong and I must say that your arguments are very persuasive. Some of them: -What about people who would be able to compensate (pay) the difference? Would they then be allowed to have the child, whereas the poor would not be allowed to? This would be a very unfair law then. -If I condone forcing a woman to have her fetus aborted, I obviously condone violating some basic human rights. Why would I not condone murder of society's 'burdens' as well? -The government shouldn't be deciding how much stress people put on themselves. -Trauma of the parents. -A smaller gene pool causes the race to be less capable of adapting. (Good example: sickle cell causes horrible pain. If it had been eliminated from the gene pool, a massive malaria outbreak might have happened since sickle cell causes immunity against malaria) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!