I've been bothered by the efforts of some to downplay the presence of Black Africans as just slaves when it comes to Ancient Egypt. When in reality, they couldnt really be anything but Black for the most part. As you all know, Egypt is in the continent of Africa. Africa is a continent of melaninated people possessing various shades of brown. There were anthropological studies by Dr. Cheikh Anta Diop that concluded that most of the skeletons and skulls of the ancient Egyptians were Negroid people with features very similar to those of modern Black Nubians and other people of the Upper Nile and East Africa. Theres also the testimony of Greek and Roman Historians. Diodorus Siculus wrote that the Ethiopians considered the Egyptians their colony. Lucian observes an Egyptian boy and notices that he is not merely black, but has thick lips. Appollodorus called Egypt the country of the black-footed ones. Aeschylus, a Greek poet, wrote that Egyptian seamen had "black limbs." Gaston Maspero states that "by the almost unanimous testimony of ancient [Greek] historians, they [ancient Egyptians] belonged to the African race, which settled in Ethiopia." EDIT: okay i think im done with this discussion. Im prone to agree with the points that ugaydino and uosillymez have made concerning the construct of race how its not an undeniable fact. And although youtube is by no means a source of information, [this youtube video does make some points one could look into.] Well, i think im done here. Thanks for all the downvotes [Egyptian on his racial classification in America] TIL Charles Gabriel Seligman's Hamite theory is why Ancient Egyptians arent considered Black anymore Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!