Traditionally, trademarks are considered a form of intellectual property, but unlike copyrights and patents, they are not giving you control over your original creations, but control over simple, (often pre-existing) labels that started to get widely associated with your product. That's because when you are writing a book, or inventing a tool, you are given control over it with the expectation that it will incentivize other creativity like that. But calling your OS "Windows," or your fast food restaurant "McDonalds," is not a creativity issue, it's a matter of consumer protection, it is given as a way to try to stop others from decieving customers by implying that their work is similar to yours while in fact it's a cheaper knockoff. With that in mind, the market would be much better served by a system that allows different businesses to compete using the same branding, and only regulate quality control, rather than start from the assumption that there is something inherently virtous about letting corporations exclusively own words, doodles, slogens, or colors the same way as they own their original content. An effective alternate system instead of trademarkes, would be one that allows the first user of a branding to declare a list of Quality Standards, and treat that as the official definition of what facts the branding implies about the product. E.g. "Any Apple iPhone has to have this and that technical parameters," or "a My Little Pony product can't be unsuitable for 3-6 years old," or "any Coke drink has to be identified as equal in taste, to the control sample that we provide for comparison, by 90 out of 100 tasters." If a seller breaks these, they should be sued, not by their rival, but by the customer whose reasonable expectations of the previously published standards were broken. If a company manages to define it's product's values in a way that no one else can imitate, then they get to benefit from being the only one who makes it. But if the product's relevant qualities are easily replicated, and it's not alread subject to patents or copyrights, then there is no public benefit from letting one company own it just because they happened to be first to use it. The benefits would be: 1. The ereasure of a useless, non-productive marketing industry that is built around inflating brands' net worth, through promting implied, unspecified values, that can only be cashed in thanks to the current trademark system. Maybe if corporations wouldn't be rewarded with billions of dollars for subtly promoting an emotion attached to a logo, then the same money would be better spent on actual meaningful competition, or just cut from the product prices, but in either case benefiting meaningful efficiency. 2. Increased competition, more free market, less monopolistic control. 3. Less ways to use trademarks as backdoor copyright extensions. Nowadays, otherwise Fair Use, or even Public Domain creative works can be shut down, if they feature trademarked characters or locations. If they could only write a finite list of ways in whch the mark is not to be used, that would still leave infinite possible usages open for artists. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!