This is part view, part prediction. So it's certainly fallible and i hope to be proven wrong in the near future. I'd like for IS to be destroyed but i think that's an unrealistic expectation. [This is a decent look at IS.] They are well integrated into the areas they have captured. They are not universally hated by the surrounding civilians. They are not treating all civilians like prisoners or slaves or hostages. They have plenty of members, recruits and sympathizers across enormous amounts of land. My view is that "Civilian Blending" is an unstoppable strategy designed to survive intervention from nations like the U.S. No individual country that respects, or is bound by, international law can defeat this strategy. Civilian Blending: When a militant or terrorist group embeds into a civilian population in order to protect themselves from formal military retaliation. With successful use of this tactic there is minimal distinction, visual or otherwise, between the militants and the civilian people and infrastructure. it's all shared space. militants are often near children and innocent civilians and live within the cities among the people. Goal: To become as indistinguishable as possible from the civilian population to minimize the effectiveness of airstrikes and long range attacks. Tactics: Don't wear uniforms, store weapons in civilian areas such as Mosques, Hospitals, Schools, vital infrastructure, etc. Use residential civilian infrastructure like apartment buildings for militant activity, use mass local propaganda and law enforcement to keep the civilians from fleeing, recruit willing civilian martyrs, encourage civilians to hide and assist militants for money, use the inevitable civilian deaths to recruit more militants from the local population, etc. Outcome: Accurate recon becomes incredibly difficult and highly susceptible to errors. High civilian to militant death toll is inevitable in all types of operations. Major mistakes will also happen that result in mass civilian deaths. Extremely high value targets will be impossible to kill without killing innocent people in Mosques, churches, schools, power plants, water treatment plants and other vital infrastructure protected by international laws. This will leave the U.S. with very limited options... Option 1: Contain them. Full victory is impossible without mass civilian deaths and breaking international laws. Let IS have what land they have already taken. Perhaps liberate small towns that overwhelmingly want to be liberated. Contain them and get into a prolonged conflicts along their borders. targeted airstrikes while we arm their neighbors to keep them from spreading. Option 2: Fight them. Accept the civilian deaths. Eventually be stopped by the International community and accused of war crimes. The civilian blending tactic ensures that the international community will start to see war-crimes against civilians. Prolonged asymmetric warfare tends to makes the "powerful side" into the bad guy. The weak side just has to survive because it can't win. The US will kill innocent civilians in numerous ways; by accident, on purpose as acceptable losses, and by killing the willing martyrs. That's just war, but it won't be accepted and the US will be condemned for each death deemed by the world as avoidable. There will be anti-US protests across the world. The media will begin to frame this as "US vs innocent civilians." America will have to re-explain itself over and over." Why are you still there, why isn't IS defeated yet?, why did you bomb that school? Why is the civilian death count so high? Didn't we go in there to protect these people? But instead we bomb their kids?!" The body count will be reported as "2,000 IraqisSyrians dead, mostly civilians, 100 US dead, all soldiers." and people will discuss how evil the US is more and more every day. People will say "If some invading force was on my land i'd shoot them too, why is the US over there anyways?" The civilian body count will be in the thousands, or tens of thousands because this terrorist tactic works extremely well. People will quickly forget why the US is fighting in Iraq and accuse the US of "indiscriminately targeting civilians." The US will be called on by the UN to explain why the civilian body count is so high. IS will wait patiently, laughing its ass off because the big dumb animal fell into the trap AGAIN... The US will pull out because of the international and internal political pressure. IS will have an enormous recruiting tool from having survived a war against the US. Genocide, land grabs, sharia law, ethnic cleansing, suicide bombing, assassinations, kidnappings, general violence and evil begins anew in Iraq and the US is called for to intervene. But maybe i'm wrong. Maybe this is what brings peace to that region. But personally i think IS hasis going to win. Might as well redraw the maps. The US can temporarily force them into hiding, at enormous cost to the US, but there is no way to actually permanently defeat them without unacceptable brutality. CMV Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!