This post is motivated by news of the Chinese 3rd plenum, which took place yesterday. China has been growing at a breakneck pace since around 1980. If you haven't seen the graphs, take a look: [Chinese GDP growth over time] [Chinese vs US manufacturing] China has experienced a rare thing in economics: sustained growth over a long period of time. While this growth slows some signs of showing, some slowing seems fairly normal as the country's economy matures. Despite facing plenty of challenges, I think a key point continues to be the willingness of China's leadership and the capability of its government system to continually implement reforms as the situation develops. While initially successful, Mao Zedong's policies had become increasingly insane and inefficient by his death in 1976. His successor, Deng Xioping began to open up the Chinese economy, and by the 1990's the "rise of China" was really starting to get underway. In response to slowing economic growth, in 1993 many state owned enterprises were reformed, and moves were made to shift the party ideology away from socialism and towards "growth at all costs." In China, officials at all levels have GDP growth targets, which they are required to meet in order to keep their offices. Vested interests are pushed aside to make way for important projects, and while this is controversial, the government simply ignores the angry conservative voices and continues forward. Instead of elections, the party uses the world's most extensive system of opinion polls in order to interface with the public without the inefficiencies and incompetent leadership that comes out of a democratic process. Target industries are given state support, allowing them to totally outcompete western competitors and break into new markets in Africa and Latin America. Today, Chin has a wide range of still-antiquated policies, many of which are supported by vested interests. Local governments can't issue municipal bonds, citizens can only receive public education in their home towns (Hukou system), and land is owned "collectively," allowing it to be seized and sold by local governments, and preventing peasants from selling their land and using the money to move to the city. Despite this, the government continues to take advice from government think tanks, whose membership is drawn from the ranks of the country's best and most intelligent economists. The new five-year plan is rapid urbanization, and this means land reform and abolition of the Hukou. China is even implementing environmental policies, with subsidies for electric cars. Unlike many western governments, the Chinese communist party is actually willing to change inefficient policies. In conclusion, compared to the idiotic punditry and political deadlock that we see in many western countries, China's government continues to make big reforms based on advice from the nation's academia. In America, poorly conceived agricultural subsidies, needlessly oppressive penal laws, and failures to check regulatory capture are pretty much carved in stone. Thanks to some released prisoners and ex-mafia enforcers living a swing state, we still have an irrational and destructive embargo on Cuba. In the long run, a country that can't make intelligent decisions will never be able to compete with a country that does.