While the title sounds like a no duh situation my opinion is actually quite controversial and I am honestly open to discussion and willing to change my mind if people can logically explain to me why my following opinion is wrong. Single parenting in the United States is on the rise and has been as seen in the quote taken from the listed source below. "Since the 1960s, there has been a marked increase in the number of children living with a single parent. The 1960 United States Census reported that 9 of children were dependent on a single parent, a number that has increased to 28 by the 2000 US Census. The spike was caused by an increase in unmarried pregnancies, which 36 of all births by unmarried women, and to the increasing prevalence of divorces among couples" I believe this trend of single parenting is a net negative to the society of the United States. As such I believe it is in society's the governments best interest to incentives a "family unit." The family unit is not the point of this discussion just that a unit of two or more capable people provide the best environment for the children and that is the goal of society. This line of reasoning is supported with the following quote. "The Institute for the Study of Civil Society reports that children of single parents, after controlling for other variables like family income, are more likely to have problems. It is encouraged that each parent respect the other, at least in the child's presence, and provide child support for the primary caregiver, when parents are not married or separated.[1921] The civil behavior among separated parents has a direct effect on how child copes with their situation; this is especially seen in younger children who do not yet understand their familial separation, requiring both parents to establish a limited friendship to support the upbringing of their child.[21 So if the quotes are to be taken as facts and society is a rational actor then we as society should provide an incentive to correct the trend of single parenting. There can be many negative and positive incentives ranging from tax breaks, to opt-in financial support for males, government back sex education, free contraceptives, society shaming of single parents and more. However I will stress that the ends justify the means as this discussion is being framed in a utilitarian philosophical point of view. Also the method of correcting the trend must be realistic in the United States modern time. Mass killing of single parents is not an option or other blindly ignorant answers. Personally I believe a combination of sex education, subsidized contraceptives, free abortions, public shaming of single parenting, and opt-in support for parents would have the desired effects of reducing single parents. However I stress the methods are a means to an end, not the end its self and each can easily be changed in my view point if it is shown to be non-effective or other methods would be more effective. CMV Source: