It's been noticed by many readers of the bible that the acts of Judas are difficult to judge. If Judas had never betrayed Jesus, there would have been no path to the crucifixion. There would have been no resurrection. No redemption. He did betray god, but that was part of the plan. Someone had to do it. What does this mean for Judas? He was guilty of the greatest sin. He denied the living god. The bible is clear that this is one of the most unforgivable sins, but maybe Jesus would have a more compassionate tone for this man given his necessary role in god's plan and the redemption of all mankind... ...but woe to that man by whom the Son of Man is betrayed! It would have been better for that man if he had not been born. No, it appears Judas is not spared. Judas will suffer eternal separation from god. Or "hell" as they've named it. This is from the mouth of Jesus that Judas is condemned. God's plan demanded that someone betray his son. And it appears that Jesus was always aware of who it would be. This wasn't a random individual who would carry this burden. God condemned one man. 'But there are some of you who do not believe.' For Jesus knew from the beginning who those were who did not believe, and who it was who would betray him. One person was going to be sacrificed to save mankind. But it wasn't Jesus. The bible makes this clear. Jesus would be resurrected after his death and returned to his father to live forever again in paradise. It was really Judas that would be sacrificed. Judas is the one who has actually lost something in this story. He was the one given to the gates of hell so that all others could have a chance at eternal life. An infinitely cruel act. At least Lucifer was given a choice. Judas never had a chance. Given this reading of the bible, I don't see how it is possible to consider the Christian god to be a loving or compassionate god. He seems to have designed all of creation to hinge on the eternal torture of one unfortunate soul who is explicitly condemned for his predestined role in it all. CMV.