I'm not even a lefty, but this is something that really bugs me whenever white people are confronted about race - or men are confronted about sexism. They get extremely offended, as if these discussions were a personal attack. In a context outside of isolated incidents, racism and misogyny are sociological terms to describe widespread phenomena of power inbalance. "Reverse Racism" or "Misandry" are apparently a thing, despite the fact that these groups don't face any major disadvantage in competition with minority groups. Yes, Al Sharpton is a complete wackjob who would be more at home in a Black Panther chapter, but I'd hesitate to describe his views as "racism" against white people. A better term would be resentment, as Nietzsche described in terms of Sklavmoral - the morals of the slave underclass, as opposed to Herrenmoral sentiment, the morals of their masters. Given all the crap that happened not even 50 years ago, I think blacks have a legitimate greivance, rather than an irrational prejudice against white people. Does anti-white racism exist in small, isolated incidents? I'd say in Africa, against albinos... but it's the exception that proves the rule. Same thing with Misandry - you'll have to dig deep to find legitimate man-haters like Andrea Dworkin. To claim reverse racism and misandry are widespread (institutionalized), and white men are discriminated against, is beyond delusional. It reveals a fundamental insecurity about a more inclusive world, now that minorities are catching up. At worst, reverse racism and misandry are reactionary smears that completely ignore their counterparts' sociological context. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!