It seems to me that one of the biggest obstacles to any political progress in the US is that fact that, regionally, people in this country hold far different values. To elucidate my point, there is a map by a reporter named Colin Woodward that expresses the kind of cultural and political divisions I'm talking about: . It would be very helpful to at least look at the maps on the link before responding. I believe that it would be ideal that these U.S. "Nations" or culturally independent regions, in fact become independent and form their own independent governments. I feel this would benefit their populations in the following ways: 1. It would allow for these governments to address individual problems more effectively, as the problems effecting each region are quite different. The inference being that the population of a cultural group knows best how to address those problems. 2. It would foster more effective democracies since the will of the people to enact their own legislation would not be bogged down in the wash of so many other groups interest (as the situation currently is in D.C.). Since legislation would be more easily passed, it would give people the empowering feeling brought about by self-determination, and make the populations of these regions ultimately happier. 3. If those countries continued to have governments with representatives, it would be easier to effect the political process since (considering reductions of scale) talking to your local, or state representative would have a more powerful impact on the laws actually passed. Now, let me consider objections that I anticipate: 1. For those of you that say that for some of these regions there is a history of human rights or social justice problems that are only properly addressed by a larger central government, I don't entirely disagree with you, and I won't say that you're wrong or that no intervention is necessary by the "more socially enlightened" cultural group. What I will say is that the situation is analogous to (although in a slightly less extreme way than) the U.S. interfering in the affairs of other countries (like, for instance, Pakistan). It seems like the solutions that work to problems like these in the current global situation are diplomacy or sanctions, not domination... especially considering that the kinds of human rights problems that would arise if the U.S. split up today, pale in comparison to many of the human rights issues faced in other countries that we would never consider (nor should we consider) invading. Again, because we have seen that when we invade the country of a different cultural group and try to impose our own cultural regime, it often has unforeseen consequences that members of the foreign cultural group are vlid to by virtue of their foreignness. The different cultural groups within the United States are more similar, but still different enough for this problem to still arise, albeit to a lesser degree. 2. For those of you that say a solution like this is impractical to implement given the current infrastructure of the country: this is a valid objection, but for the purposes of this discussion I'd like to talk about what the ideal situation would be, not the nitty gritty of how it would be implemented bureaucratically or technically. To CMV, you should tell me why this would not be the ideal situation should we be able to implement it successfully. 3. For those of you that say that creating new borders would cause a burden for travel and commerce given the creation of new international borders: I can easily travel to another country now, if I have a passport. And, boarders have not posed much of an economic problem for current international companies that have aspects of their production and distribution processes scattered all over the globe. There may be a problem when it comes to moving to another state (which would turn into immigration), but I don't see this as a major issue. Again, issues such as immigration are one of the things that these individual cultural cohorts should be able to self-determine. 4. For those of you that say "The south already tried that and it didn't work out so well..." I will say again that to CMV, you should not tell me why it's impractical to implement given the current infrastructure of the country. I'm only interested in why this would not be the ideal situation should we be able to implement it successfully. That being said, please CMV! [Edit]: I've never done a CMV before, and my inbox is full of very thoughtful responses that I want to read and digest before I respond. Just letting you guys know I'm not ignoring you if I don't respond very fast:) [Edit]: I have to get back to work, but I'll be back a little later this evening... I want to keep talking about this (ugrunt08, you're getting very close to your next delta...) [Edit]: I gave a delta to ugrunt08. Here is my response to him: So you perceive a problem (electoral inefficacy) which has a solution (electoral reform) but you mistakenly conclude that the best way to achieve that solution is to split the country arbitrarily by region. This is exactly what I was doing. The problem is not necessarily that the country is too big, but that the current electoral system does not do a very good job of adequately representing the will of the people (and therefore, in my mind, violates the basic social contract that the government gets it's authority to legislate by the consent of the governed). But it does not follow from that that the solution is to break up the country. It would be more reasonable to advocate for electoral reform. How to do that or whether that is practical is another question for another thread. My V is C'd, congrats! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!