So, I haven't given this too much thought, and my goal here is to tease out the various arguments. But my essential point is that it seems to me that representative democracies like the USA, Europe or Canada... suffer from over reliance on representatives. Systematically, using a third party representative to advocate your civic needs is a lot like relying on an insurance company to advocate your interests when you go to the hospital. They have generally aligned interests, but they can suffer from serious conflicts that make them unable to truly represent the peoples' needs. In the economy, we are told that the way to adjust for this problem by allowing for more competition from the actual user of the health services. Similarly, in democracy, we need more direct democracy to help keep the representatives in check. this is particularly important in times of gridlock or when a serious question is at hand. I disagree with the decision of the people of Scotland in not becoming independent, but I think that their ballot question was extremely important for keeping the system in check. Similarly, the USA needs to implement more direct democracy. Let the people decide whether there should be immigration reform. whether taxes should be raised... not every time, but often enough to make a difference. The fundamental problem with representative democracy is that you elect a bunch of crusty old men (except in Scandinavia) who say one thing while campaigning, and do something else when elected. that or the you are forced to chose the "lesser of two evils" because you pick a candidate who supposedly has a position on every issue under the sun when you only care about a couple. this candidate can't care about or know much about most issues, and you can't care of know much about all issues, so it is extremely unlikely that you and the representative you vote for will actually have all that much alignment when they become your representative. The way to solve this is by allowing the people to actually decide issues from time to time. Allow the public some ability to rank where they want their taxes spent, rather than leaving it all up to lobbyists to decide in smoky back rooms... I have often heard that the USA needs a third party. It might help, but also I disagree. I think third parties would end up just as corrupted as the existing two parties. But giving the people a direct voice will keep the democracy in check. So yeah, you heard me, CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!