We hear it time and time again every new year. Our closest friends and families making new years resolutions. While I encourage people in improving themselves, I hate the idea of New Year's Resolutions. I believe overall, new years resolutions only serve to discourage people from actually achieving goals and is based on faulty reasoning. [45 of Americans make resolutions every new year.] Yet just a paltry 8 of them achieve their resolution. While I applaud those 8, I fail to understand why they couldn't have done this at any other point during the year. And while I don't have the proof, I'm willing to bet that those same 8 would have improved just as much if they decided to commit to a goal at any other point in the year. Here's why I believe New Year's Resolutions are almost always destined to fail. Every NYR requires: 1. Wait until the new year starts. This absurdity alone should put this to bed. There's no rhyme or reason to wait until the arbitrary beginning of a calendar system to start something. I believe most people simply want that last week before their resolution comes into "effect" to gorge on unhealthy food while they still can, smoke cigarettes while they can, etc. Then: 2. The second the New Year starts, your life is supposed to automatically change forever. The second the clock strikes 12, that's it. No more cigarettes, no more junk food. Ever. Why? Why introduce such a drastic change on a whim like that? What is the reasoning? Why not make steady improvements over time instead of unleashing hell on yourself all at once? And people think this is going to be successful? 3. If you "fall off the wagon" you have failed. There's no second chances. If your last cigarette wasn't at 11:59 PM on December 31, and you smoke anytime thereafter, you have failed your resolution. People treat NYR's as a do-or-die effort. If you don't go to the gym, if you ever touch another Dorito, or you buy an unnecessary item at the mall, even once, that's it. You have failed at achieving your NYR and you may as well give up. It's such a ridiculous mindset. If you set an arbitrary date to make a drastic lifestyle change, you are going to fuck up! It's ok! There's no reason to beat yourself up over it. Yet most people fail before February and completely give up their NYR thereafter. Humans are simply not hard-wired for such massive changes in diet, nutrition, lifestyle, etc., to be taken all at once like that. And there's no good reason for it either. It's a completely arbitrary date, with nothing magical about it whatsoever, and there's absolutely no reason not to change your life at any other point during the year. In fact, if you really wanted to, you already would have. You wouldn't be waiting for the new year. And then when you inevitably fail, you blame yourself and become even more discouraged. No wonder. It's an awful system and you are essentially setting yourself up to fail.