First let me clarify what I consider a "conventional wedding" to be (from the wikipedia page): A wedding is the ceremony where people are united in marriage. Most wedding ceremonies involve an exchange of wedding vows by the couple, presentation of a gift (offering, ring (s), symbolic item, flowers, money), and a public proclamation of marriage by an authority figure or leader. Special wedding garments are often worn, and the ceremony is sometimes followed by a wedding reception. I must stress that my opinion has nothing to do with cultural or religious differences Now, to my point.For context, I am a twentysomething woman from the US who is not married but in a committed relationship. There are three main reasons why I think having a wedding in the traditional sense is detrimental to a new marriage: 1. Today's society places a greater emphasis on the importance of a great wedding than a great marriage. This is compounded by the abundance of television shows, movies, magazines, and websites that serve the multi-million dollar wedding industry. Couples who plan on having a wedding are constantly inundated with ideas to make their wedding better, and social media creates pressure for them to construct the most appealing event. Example: I saw on facebook that Jane Doe had a chocolate fountain at her wedding, so I should have a chocolate POOL at mine. There is very little appeal and popularity towards putting this much care and attention into the relationship after the wedding. 2. Conventional weddings in the United States cost an average of 18,000, placing significant financial strain on a new married couple. I think this point speaks for itself. If the parents of the couple offer to pay for the event, than this is not potentially a negative factor. However, whoever pays gets a say in how the wedding goes, and this can cause more stress. If the couple is paying for it themselves (which is becoming more prevalent) this type of financial strain can lead to many unnecessary arguments, and bring a lot of negative energy into the relationship that may have been avoided with a less traditional approach (i.e. elopement). 3. Conventional weddings redirect the focus of event away from the couple getting married, and make it more so about the family and friends of the couple. Couples planning a wedding are tasked with impossible: pleasing everybody. Many couples may try to deny it, but the ultimate goal of a conventional wedding ceremony and reception is to provide an enjoyable atmosphere for all who attend, when ultimately it should be all about them. For example, a friend of mine who is getting married sent out a google survey asking all of her guests which date, venue, and dining style would be preferred. She is trying to cater everyone's needs other than her own. Another source of conflict can be in wedding parties, and try to please future in-laws. Any animosity that is built up from not pleasing a future in-law can carry over into the marriage, and that sort of pressure can be damaging. While alternative options for marriage can be just as upsetting for families, the couple is asserting themselves as the sole focus of event and thus taking back control. Overall, I am a believer in true love and marriage. I think marriage is beautiful and should be celebrated. However, I believe that today's standard for a conventional wedding is damaging to marriage and it should not be this way. Edit: I really appreciate a lot of the feedback so far, it's been very respectful and has gotten me to think more about it. This link illustrates a lot of what goes into planning a wedding and what I consider to be what can strain the relationship . I guess another question I have is, WHY should this sort of ostentatious display remain as the "conventional" way of getting married?