DISCLAIMER: I am not saying he is being falsely accused nor am I saying he is guilty I've been thinking a lot about how I would react if I was falsely accused of a heinous crime, and I'm currently of the opinion that "no comment" is the best way to go about it. Here's how I see it: 1. The media is dying to find more to print, and anything you say will add to their word bank. If you'd like them to move on to a new topic or target, defending yourself in public will just make that take longer. It'll pop back up every so often, but if you respond each time it'll prolong the episode. 2. Yes, staying silent will make it so you won't get "your side" of the story out there, but there's really nothing you can say that can't come back and bite you in the butt. In my experience, the media frequently gets a quote wrong, and that can sink your odds of winning in the court of public opinion. But there's also a decent chance that you'll misspeak and have to correct yourself (either on the spot or after the fact). That will certainly knock you down a few levels instead of helping you climb out of the pit you're in. 3. Denying the allegations puts you in the awkward position of calling someone a liar. And not just someone in the abstract, someone who everyone knows and feels sympathy for. Personally denying the allegations are true puts your face and your voice in front of the "these people are lying" message, and that's not going to do you any favors. So there it is! Convince me that I don't understand how PR works and set me straight! Edit 1: My assumption is that people generally equate not saying something with having something to hide. I'm not trying to make a judgement call as to how effective this strategy would be if he was guilty. The inspiration for this post mostly came after I reflected on how I would handle being falsely accused and I settled on this course of action for now. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!