...and fundamentally unscientific. To understand this, one must first set aside the false claims of (many) atheists. (this list is far from exhaustive, and may be added to): a) Some claim that Atheism is the default position. This is nonsense, and no different that saying climate change denial is the default position. The default is always going to be closer to agnosticism or ignorance. In other words absence of evidence is not evidence of absence. Criticism carries a burden of proof. Another point of evidence against this position is the ubiquity of spirituality across cultures and time. b) Atheism is mutually exclusive with Agnosticism. This one is huge, because as I mention above, Agnosticism, uncertainty or skepticism are reasonable responses to lack of evidence. Atheists often dispute that these are separate categories, speaking of hard and soft atheism. This is an attempt to redefine terms, and is [non-standard] . c) The claim that atheism is not a belief or a doctrine. Again, this involves a [non-standard redefinition of a word.] d) The idea that God is unprovable. This one is especially odd as many religious people agree with it. I believe this involves a misunderstanding of the concept of [empiricism] . Empiricism never involves simply accepting the view of authorities, or making assumptions. It always requires actual observations, experiments andor experiences. God is empirically verifiable via prayer, entheogens, meditation, [NDE's] and, of course, death. God can also be proven via logic if defined correctly. For example some define God as [the ultimate reality] , and others define God as [love] . e) An argument I have been hearing a lot of lately states that everyone is atheist as everyone denies some god (notice the uncapitalised usage, which changes the definition) or another. While this might be true of some religious persons, I am interdenominational. I see patterns throughout world religions, rooted in Natural Law, and tend to agree with Adi Shankara and his concept of Brahman. In sum, Agnosticism, skepticism, or simply admitting ignorance is a reasonable response to lack of data. Denial is not more reasonable than fanaticism of faith when evidence is lacking. Evidence of God is frequently achieved (be it via ecstatic spiritual experience or logic, innate knowledge or etc), and is likely replicable via proper experimentation (a life of prayer and contemplation, Love for God neighbor, yoga meditation, entheogens, NDE's and death, for instance). Many atheists seem to engage in [pseudoskepticism] : In science, the burden of proof falls upon the claimant; and the more extraordinary a claim, the heavier is the burden of proof demanded. The true skeptic takes an agnostic position, one that says the claim is not proved rather than disproved. He asserts that the claimant has not borne the burden of proof and that science must continue to build its cognitive map of reality without incorporating the extraordinary claim as a new "fact." Since the true skeptic does not assert a claim, he has no burden to prove anything. He just goes on using the established theories of "conventional science" as usual. But if a critic asserts that there is evidence for disproof, that he has a negative hypothesis - saying, for instance, that a seeming psi result was actually due to an artifact - he is making a claim and therefore also has to bear a burden of proof... Both critics and proponents need to learn to think of adjudication in science as more like that found in the law courts, imperfect and with varying degrees of proof and evidence. Absolute truth, like absolute justice, is seldom obtainable. We can only do our best to approximate them. - Marcello Truzzi, "On Pseudo-Skepticism," Zetetic Scholar, 1213, pp3-4, 1987[5] Truzzi attributed the following characteristics to pseudoskeptics: Denying, when only doubt has been established Double standards in the application of criticism The tendency to discredit rather than investigate Presenting insufficient evidence or proof Assuming criticism requires no burden of proof Making unsubstantiated counter-claims Counter-claims based on plausibility rather than empirical evidence Suggesting that unconvincing evidence provides grounds for completely dismissing a claim He characterized "true" skepticism as: Acceptance of doubt when neither assertion nor denial has been established No burden of proof to take an agnostic position Agreement that the corpus of established knowledge must be based on what is proved, but recognising its incompleteness Even-handedness in requirement for proofs, whatever their implication Accepting that a failure of a proof in itself proves nothing Continuing examination of the results of experiments even when flaws are found Edit: At present there seem to be some themes here: 1. Disagreeing with Webster's Dictionary and the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy. If you dislike my sources, provide more and better sources. All else is subjective and unpersuasive. 2. Talking about unicorns or teapots or such. This is silly and irrelevant, some sort of bizarre false analogy not worth exploring. 3. Failing to read either the OP, or the instructions from the Mods at the bottom. Downvoting and rudeness do not change views. Conclusion: After losing aprox. 216 reddit karma points, I have to say my initial asserting has been overwhelmingly confirmed. Right or wrong, intellectual honesty does not seem to be a theme among many of those who were supposedly here to change my view. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!