I'm talking about the first three films. I've seen Kingdom of the Crystal Skull once and a few of the Young Indiana Jones series when I was a kid and I didn't really want to rewatch either of those for this CMV. SO I'll be talking about Raiders, Temple of Doom and Last Crusade. The idea of 'it belongs in a museum' was first introduced in The Last Crusade, partly as a flashback - "It belongs to Coronado!" "Coronado's dead!" "Then it belongs in a museum!" Indy early in his life and later in his life claims that artefacts without a clear owner belong in a museum, and are not to be claimed for profit or private ownership as the Cross of Coronado was. But throughout the series he finds and takes artefacts for profit and definitely not just for museums. Let's take it one film at a time. Raiders of the Lost Ark: It's established that Indy [sells] what he recovers to the National Museum and Marcus Brody. Similarly the government will pay handsomely for the recovery of the Ark of the Covenant. He's still putting artefacts in a museum, he's also getting paid well for it and is being privately contracted to find the Ark. Temple of Doom: At the beginning of Temple of Doom we see Indy has been hired by Chinese organised crime to find the remains of an ancient emperor Nurhachi, in exchange for a massive diamond. The remains of Nurhachi would be hugely important for historians and would be far better preserved in a museum. Instead I.J. is hired to find them and give them to a rich, private entity - just like the villains from his childhood did with the Cross of Coronado. At the very least this shows hypocrisy, at worst it's that the Chinese mob were higher bidders than the museum. The Sankara Stones also have huge historical value and when he recovers the one stolen from the village, he returns it to them. He doesn't profit from this, but he doesn't give this hugely important artefact to a museum either. Indy believes it is better for the village to have it. So Indy decides this incredibly rare and important artefact he has found, definitely rarer and of more historical value than the Cross of Coronado, does not belong in a museum. The Last Crusade: For the majority of the film, Indy is not searching for the grail. He is searching for his father. As with his other adventures he isn't interested in preserving history, he's interested in his goal. The goals of finding the arkthe sankara stones his father and the grail are more important to him than preserving historical artefacts because they aren't as important to him as what he actually wants to find. Indiana Jones seeks out artefacts that will benefit him, not the historical record Fortune and glory, kid. Fortune and glory. He finds artefacts for his own profit, sometimes to put in a museum sometimes not - either way he's getting paid for it. Early in Raiders, in the classroom scene, Indy talks about how the search for treasure at a gravesite made it difficult for archaeologists to properly date the site and how the digging of people searching for treasure destroyed a lot of the site. In all three major films Indy destroys or disregards items or places of historical importance because he wants to find the one item he's looking for. Tl;dr: Indiana Jones sells most of his finds for profit, only seeks the most valuable of finds and disregards many artefacts of real importance that should belong in a museum while he is searching for treasure. He doesn't believe in preserving items in a museum, he just searches for valuable treasures he wants. EDIT: It's 4:30am ish here, so I will check back in the morning. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!