I feel awful for writing what I'm about to write... I've recently started hearing of people acknowledging the high crime rates, low test scores, higher poverty, and higher unemployment among certain minorities. However, it seems that everywhere I look blames society for somehow cultivating these problems. I understand there are stereotypes that may negatively affect a certain group of people, but it hardly seems that this can cause such a massive discrepancy between the crime rates of, say, Asians and African Americans. People point to long-standing biases against minorities. My history is pretty shoddy, but didn't Asians have to face these same hardships? They're now (statistically, at least) one of the most well off races there are. Other minorities complain about receiving negative stereotypes far more, yet don't seem to be as willing to do anything to overcome these stereotypes, which in turn reinforces those very stereotypes, creating a vicious circle. This is all in addition to the fact that these minorities are granted a massive boost when applying to colleges, and are aided by lots of exclusive scholarships, yet still have the lowest college attendance rate. Occam's razor would dictate that the problem is within the races themselves, not society as a whole. I can (thankfully, at the very least) say I don't believe any races are born inferior to others, but the culture within them may not be as conducive to success. This feels pretty bad. As much as I would like to believe I'm not racist, I need some convincing. Help me CMV, you're my only hope! EDIT: Thank you all for taking the time to comment. I'm trying to keep playing devil's advocate, even if every one of my comments kills me a little inside. For the record, though, I'm not looking to have my opinion changed to "It's all the WHITE PEOPLE'S fault!" People have been great about avoiding this so far, but I feel that that comment is inevitable. Regardless, keep them coming! EDIT2: I think it may have been done. I understand now how a nasty circle started centuries ago that continues reinforcing itself to this very day. I don't think that the massive black guy I saw curse out a judge and lawyer (the video that prompted me to post this) would have done so if his parents, teachers, bosses, and the like supported him as a kid a little more. Now this doesn't mean that I completely sympathize with people in LA rioting over someone who they never met or cared about before it gave them a chance to riot. However, I do recognize that the trouble has to be tackled as a social issue perpetuated across all races. Thanks for (mostly) changing my mind! A Delta will be assigned in a moment.