The opening statement It seems to me that a lot of people in our culture have adopted this low-effort approach to their beliefs about the supernatural. These are conflicting and irreconcilable ideologies and construct an incoherent worldview under any scrutiny. The observations 1. People use a combination of conflicting ideologies: karma, voodoo, permanent dichotomatic afterlife (heavenhell), and ghosts. Those are from Indian pantheism, African panentheism, the Middle Eastern monotheisms, and European paganism in tradition, respectively. This combination of world views is incoherent given the original contexts. This isn't to mention astrology, psychics, etc. 2. For instance, Ghosts conflict with Christianity. Either upon death judgement and sending to heaven or hell, or they get to roam the earth as free spirits. Astrology conflicts with Christianity and eastern and middle eastern astrology are in conflict with each other. Again, the acceptance of both these ideas leads to an incoherent position. Karma conflicts with heavenhell (which is the actual punishment for misdeeds or misbelief?), which again, the acceptance of both is incoherent. 3. It's easier to accept easy societal ideas like these without scrutiny than it is to scrutinize them. This is probably the least controversial thing. 4. These ideas are mostly feel-good ideas that vengeance will return without our intervention. This satisfies our thirst for both sloth and justice. Like sitting and watching a batman movie, just without the overpriced popcorn. My conclusion People are accepting (relatively blindly) conflicting ideologies as part of a feel-good initiative to do nothing and feel accomplished. And I mean literally nothing. No thinking, no reasoning, no scrutiny. No challenging of their own ideas. At least accept and study one ideology, if you're not willing to discard entirely unfalsifiable ideas that make no predictions and have no phenomena for which they are explicitly necessary. So when people express these ideas, they don't want to put the effort to put their paddles in the water and move their boat; they're just floating down the societal river of generally unchallenged memes, subject to the waves and tides of those around them in the same mental predicament. Change my view.