There are some words that are rather easy to misspell - you forgot whether it's one M or two in immolate, you forgot the c in acquired, you accidentally wrote "per say" instead of "per se" because you think phonetically. If you make an honest mistake, I'm not going to call you a dunce, obviously. But if you constantly misspell and have no intent of fixing it, or even no awareness that you are spelling words wrong, you're probably not very well educated, and I'm really not going to take your opinion seriously. Now, if you have a legitimate reason like a disability that simply prevents you from spelling words correctly or remembering how to spell certain words, that might not affect your overall intelligence. You may have a legitimate excuse which explains how you are both intelligent and bad at spelling. But that is the exception, not the rule. Saying you didn't study English in collegeuniversity doesn't excuse not knowing the difference between their and there. It doesn't take a goddamn English major to understand your own damn language. I feel like people only disagree with this opinion because of the very small number of individuals who have a reasonexcuse for their misspelling, not because it's false. But I also don't think a lot of people will admit to that because they don't want to hurt anyone's feelings. I'm also not saying dyslexic people cannot be unintelligent - they certainly can. I just want to understand why some people believe it's wrong to judge people by their bad spelling when 99 of the time it's a good method of judgment. Edit: Most people commenting have taken issue with the vagueness of "intelligence." To be more specific, I am talking about being intelligent enough to make reasonable and good judgments in most situations, not simply someone who can accomplish a variety of tasks or complete one task very well. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!