I've recently been thinking over the past few days about how with in the next couple of decades pretty much every blue collar job and some white collar jobs will be replaced by machines. These include -Any sort of transportation based job (truckers, commercial pilots, mass transit operations) -fast food workers and most other food service -Retail -trades (carpentry, plumbing ect) -teaching -Pharmacy workers -Data entry -most manufacturing (3d printers will replace most manufacutrings) and these are just the first ones I can think of. Now I don't see how the fact that millions of people will be unemployed will be a good thing, and the few remaining jobs will require highly advanced skills and be unavailable to the public. Now I am well aware of the concept of a basic income and highly doubt it will be implemented in any form as long as some jobs exist. Now some people argue that this is better for society as a whole as with no concept of jobs people will be able to do whatever they want. While this type of society may exist one day, I think the transition will be brutal and leave a permanent scar on society. Also in regards to the luddite fallacy, while that may have been true in the past, we have never been in a point were machines can completly replace humans, as looms, mills and factories still required workers. We are approaching an era were a machine can do a job quicker than human and at a much cheaper cost. I am terrified of this transition and the uncertain future of the job market. Please if you can CMV EDIT: Well I suppose I've been a little too paranoid recently about the whole ordeal, and not really thinking of how these scenarios have played out in history. Special thanks to user maestro2005 for pointing out just how long it takes installing automated items. I'm still thinking the transition will be a bumpy one, but no longer the disastrous scenario I envisioned Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!