We expect those that teach our children, heal our sick, and practice law to be fully licensed. So why should we tolerate anything less from those that are ultimately responsible for the curriculum we teach, our approach to healthcare, and the laws we are asked to uphold? I think those that run for and eventually hold public office should be required to regularly show the electorate that they have a firm grasp on the knowledge required to make decisions relevant to their position and constituency. These would not be position papers, simply aptitude tests. Here's what I've come up with as an idea so far: 1. Before running for a publicly held office, each Politician must take an aptitude test to show they have an understanding of the position and the responsibilities it includes. 2. Results will be made publicly available. 3. Each polling location will have clearly displayed "grades" of these tests on the day of the election. 3. Test must be re-taken at the beginning of each election cycle. 4. Before the vote of any legislation, elected officials must take a test showing they have a firm level of understanding of the issue. 5. If the legislator does not possess an above average understanding of the topic (you know, to prove they should be GOVERNING it), they are not allowed to vote on the motion. Why isn't this a good idea? What problems would something like this cause and would they outweigh the benefits? edit: Thank you for all the fantastic answers. ucwenham get gilded as my view gets gelded! Testing of this sort would be easily gamed, the "question bias" argument would be unending, and even worse it would add additional legitimacy where activity is already questionable. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!