So I've always kind of thought that it was ridiculous that my hometowns line of defense against fires was a bunch of volunteers. I know that they do receive training but knowing some of them personally they really take it all as some joke- not saying that all volunteers do -but I think that if your going to be in charge of saving someones life and are going to risk your own life you should be a paid professional. Other than the argument that paying firefighters is too expensive for the state why the heck else do all these small towns rely on locals to just figure it out themselves. Edit: Please see thndrchld and Mine's conversation below And as far a what I said by taking it as a joke I know a kid that joined because he wanted to shack-up in a fire engine, An ex of mine's grandfather was the long running lead volunteer fighter and often joke that if a N's house caught fire he'd let them burn- these are the things that went on in my small home town. And that is one of the main reason that i feel this should be handled by professionals, not just and guy off the street with his own agenda.- so one more question- if you were volunteering with either of the guys I mentioned what would you do? and how could you have those people removed? celeritas365 made a good point What about mixed? In my town we have some professionals and some volunteers. Some of the volunteers are more for support and can't go into a burning building. The stuff that happens outside is still important. Why pay a full firefighter when you don't need all of his or her skills? Also, much of what fire departments do is checking for fires when a house alarm goes off and doing small yet important things like chemically treating gasoline spills from auto accidents so they don't catch fire. While important, I don't see why a team of ALL professional firefighters need to do these tasks. I think maybe thats what i mean more- There should be professionals at all depts, no ALL volunteer depts should exist.- that also solves the money issue with for example 1 pro for every 5 volunteers. Ada1629 Also had a good point on my thoughts However, I feel uncomfortable with people working for free - it becomes suspect to me that something more nefarious is going on I also question how stringent the rules are when there is nothing on the line but free labor for those doing the "hiring"? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!