The Worlds Major powers for the most part mostly due to the immense globalization that has occurred is currently in a state of decline which is about to turn around and implode on us causing massive Repercussions. Example: The United States after the Second World War heralded the Beginning of this planets true globalization and intertwining global economy. This entire global economy which relies on certain nations to provide for parts of it is part of our comming collapse. The US provides Security and Technology as well as Innovation With Europe as a Technological and Innovational ally. China as well as much of South East Asia and India provide major manpower to provide for nations such as the US and the European nations etc. So the point being made here is that what about the Decline. The US is a Superpower Alongside the Peoples Republic of China. Both Powers are Declining and its just a matter of who goes first and the aftermath. if China goes down due to their Massive population or Environmental issues or even having issues with its Trade to the US then the rest of the Manpower nations wouldnt be able to pick up the Slack and boom Global Economic Collapse with War, Famine, and the probable Destruction of most modern nations. Now for the real troubling thing. The United States is the Worlds Largest and greatest Innovator and Consumer. It innovates which is then sent to a manpower country to be made and then the product is consumed in America. This is one issue here. What if the Inept Government which is currently handling the nation badly by crushing Civil Liberty, and spending the country into Oblivion, as well as making many nations reconsider their investment in America. While many people think that innovation and the Consuming portion of the Economy will just come out of some other country like China taking the US's Mantle as the Worlds Dominant power this just isnt true. The Entire Global Economy runs entirely on the Fact that the US will be there to be invested in, to test their product, to CONSUME not to mention their role in Global Security. Literally if the US goes the Whole world goes. So many Economies are tied to the global market for survival its ridiculous, No nation even if they have all the resources they need can figure out how to be self sufficient. Nobody would be able to support its people and then do all the other stuff at the Same time, thats why North Korea is a Failed Nation for the most part. point 2. With the Failing of the redundant systems and the Global collapse its very obvious that nations will attempt to maintain control. The US will go to War to Secure a cheap population it can use for its Labor. China will, go to war with a huge nation over its population and environmental issues, and many other nations will just start a war over any little dispute they have had in recent years. This just seems in evitable with the Deterioration of Governments everywhere. This ends in war and eventually Nuclear option and this will Literally Level our population by Billions. And from there we Go through a Metro 2033 type world where people eke out their living in the Underground tunnels constructed by once great civilization to avoid nuclear fallout, or people attempt to rebuild into a Utopian society which will ultimately fail. The current world trend just seems painfully geared towards self destruction