Can you believe how schools have various new learning initiatives that weren't around when I should've benefited from them? Example: Laptops get rented out to students now. I would've LOVED that. There are many other ways K-12 schooling is better now than when I was there. There are many summer camps, and other fun trips opportunities that would only get enjoyed by anyone under certain age guidelines. Many such opportunities weren't around when I was the ages that would've made me eligible. There are also many technologies that I'd have appreciated had they been available when I was of the right ages. The LeapPads training tablets look like something I'd have fallen in love with had I gotten to have one at the right ages. Many kids have their own cellphones now. I'd have loved to have one too. There are many countless cool new toys that weren't yet made when I was those ages, that I certainly would've loved. And I sure wouldn't have been bored to hell in some summers. Game systems would be much cooler and more engaging. I love the idea of playing with a Nintendo DS2 or whatever portable Nintendos are called nowadays, and I still (mostly secretly) love Pokemon. I would've loved to play Pokemon on a Nintendo DS2 everywhere I go if I were the right age. But I can't be seen playing on a Nintendo DS2 in public because that's what kids do. I hope I survive to see the day Clinical Immortality is achieved, and reap the benefits from it, but some pessimists assume I may not get to see that day. And there are many more reasons why I should've been born in the year 2000. Now, how do you think my being born in an earlier year is a benefit somehow? I'm still not ready to move beyond adolescence, even though biologically I've been beyond adolescence for some years now. See if you can CMFV about when I was and should've been born. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!