I have to do some studying for finals for the next few hours, so I'll try to be quick here and will read and respond to comments this evening. The goal of morality and ethical behavior is an interesting debate, but I feel it is ultimately subjective. The judgements you make based on your moral framework aren't necessarily subjective though. To start this post, I want to say that I believe the goal of morality and ethical behavior should be to minimize suffering in the world while behaving in a way that, if followed universally, wouldn't collapse societal institutions. In addition to this, our efforts to achieve this should violate as few of the human rights of non-consenting individuals as is possible in any situation. With that in mind, I believe that the only value to prisons is to protect others in society from dangerous individuals while possibly rehabilitating some criminals. Prisons are currently the most effective way to achieve this goal, so their use is justifiable. If a brain surgery were devised that could remove criminal impulses from dangerous individuals (assuming no other negative side effects), those individuals should be released back into society with no additional punishment. I believe that treating prisons as a place to lock bad people up to punish them because they did something wrong is unethical. This is because it makes the offender suffer because he is not free. While the offender would still suffer if prisons were only seen as a way to keep dangerous individuals away from society, the violation of the prisoner's rights is minimal compared to the possible violations he might enact on other, non-consenting individuals. Many people who hold the view that prisons should be seen as a punishment also believe that things like prison rape and the death penalty are good things because they enhance the punishment. I believe that these things are wrong again because they introduce unneeded suffering into the world. When arguing for prison as a punishment, many people say that it will make the victim andor the victim's family feel better about the crime and bring them closure. While it might bring them pleasure to see the offender locked up in a miserable environment, I don't see how this is significantly different from the drive (for pleasure at the pain of others) that leads criminals to rape and kill. This drive is only seen as different and more pure than similar criminal drives because we can easily imagine ourselves in the position of the victims (or their families) while it is harder for us to imagine ourselves in the place of the criminal. This difference in empathy should not lead us to prefer one class over another. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!