FINAL EDIT Right I feel my view has been changed, in part because I didn't realise there was so little benefit to going vegan over being veggie (Source ). Also that going vegan was so darn challenging for some people in terms of just managing the diet. I guess I need to check my privilege as someone who was raised vegan and who has lived in a veggie household most of my life. Plus the arguments about how this isn't possible for everyone globally are pretty solid in parts, although I more mean there is no excuse not to be vegan for people like us (fairly wealthy westerners with access to the Internet and a wealth of cultural capital). I've just started a new CMV on there is no excuse not to be veggie, I'd love to know your thoughts on that people. I do feel ultimately the arguments about health however don't stand up, below is my original post and reasoning. END OF FINAL EDIT There is nothing more significant I can do to reduce my ecological footprint that address my diet. Unless I'm buying exotic fruits and veg going vegan will reduce more ecological footprint more than anything else I can do, Even if I did drive or fly regularly this wouldn't do as much as going vegan. There is no effective way to 'offset' the emissions from eating meat, even if I could afford to purse this. The damage we are doing to the planet is set to cause a greater loss of human life both in absolute deaths and in terms of the percentage of the population that the second world war did. I should be doing anything I can. While sorting out my country as a whole is very difficult, fixing my own ecological footprint is something I can work on. There is nothing easier than going vegan. It isn't particularly challenging and the only real difficulty is not eating some convenience foods and missing the taste of meat. by 2070 I'll be an old man, I don't want to have to watch my kids bury their kids because I really freaking liked pizza, I don't get why everyone doesn't feel this way. EDIT: I don't mean everybody should be vegan, just, well people reading this like myself, rich westerners, I know globally this would be difficult, I'm not saying peasants in China can't fish and whatnot. FURTHER EDIT right, I didn't realize I'd get so many replies, I've read them all but don't think I'll be able to reply to each individually. I've got to confess I don't find arguments around health or practicality for the individual compelling at all. I know a ton of healthy vegans, and it is a dead easy diet to have for rich western folks like us. The arguments around if other things are more significant certainly undermines my argument though, especially for other people not like myself who own a car or fly on holiday, maybe they'd be better to stop doing that than go vegan. The arguments arguing that major societal change is the only real solution fascinate me, are you saying that as an individual I should concentrate more on transforming society than changing my own life? I kind of feel that unless I'm walking the walk then talking to the talk is pointless. Plus I don't really know where to get started, I'm active in the Green party, what else would you guys recommend doing? Proper big edit: Further Edit Okay so let me think a little more about the statement "there is no excuse not to be vegan." There are clearly some excuses offered up in the comments below that can be broken down into the following 1. Other tactics would be better to reduce carbonecological footprint (not having kids, ceasing to drive, support better farmers) 2. Taking action as an individual won't make enough of a difference 3. Going Vegan is difficult 4. Going Vegan is unhealthy 5. Not having kids Other tactics would be better to reduce carbonecological footprint (not having kids, ceasing to drive, support better farmers) Just because there may be other better ideas doesn't mean there is an excuse not to be vegan. It would be better to go vegan AND support your local farmer rather than just support your local farmer, so why not do both? The only time these arguments are valid are where going vegan would hinder taking a better course of action, I've not seen one of these yet in the comments, but maybe I've missed one. Taking action as an individual won't make enough of a difference This was put best by adk09 First of all I guess I'd argue that it is difficult to encourage other people make changes to adapt to climate change unless you are doing them yourself. I if you want to talk the and implement the economic types of fixes argued for by Canoodling sociopath you've got to be walking the walk. Aside from this though I don't think the prisoners dilemma applies here, we're not like the prisoners in the thought experiment as we repeat the choice many times. In the thought experiment don't they just plead guilty or innocent just the once or something? The fact that everyday we interact and can be like "Hey thats that one prisoner who keeps pleading guilty and dropping us in it, lets tell them to stop." Bah sorry I should look at this more. I think this is undoubtably the line of thought most likely to change my view. Going Vegan is very difficult Maybe, I guess I'd be curious to see some research into this, maybe you could offer participants 25 to go vegan for a week and see how many were able to stick to it (I've no idea how you would grantee participant honesty). I've been vegan or veggie my whole life, and I've never really been more than 10kg overweight, so I've never had to stick to a strict strict diet that I consider restrictive. I still can't see how going vegan would be more difficult than say giving up your car or switching to a green energy supplier like Given the pay off (lets asume we're all like th citizens of Cardiff as who wouldn't love to be Welsh) 24 of our ecological footprint is our food. Thanks hexavibrongal for this link showing that a vegan diet would be a reduction of 50 going veggie and 60 going vegan (I guess we vegans shouldn't feel to guilty about the odd bit of pizza as long as it's meat free). 60 off 24 of our ecofootprint would make this 14, less than the footprint of our current infrastructure and housing, energy use and transport. Going Vegan is unhealthy I'm sure theres a ton of subs on reddit about being vegan and healthy, you'll probably even find some people who'll swear the diet cues various chronic illnesses when done right. The vegan is unhealthy argument carries no weight whatsoever. Maybe for these with some kind of medical condition it isn't possible at the moment, but I can't think of any specific ones at the moment which would stop you going vegan. Not having kids I think this is an interesting argument, but a little ridiculous. Once I've explored this I'd love to do a "There is no excuse to continue to bread in the face of overpopulation and climate change CMV," but I'm finding this discussion dead interesting at the moment.