I'm happy to have learned in my psychology classes in college that different types of therapy in clinical psychology exist beyond the principles and ideas presented by Freud. Yet when my professor asks me how Gestalt therapy, a theory of therapy that focuses on a holistic approach to psychology, applies dream analysis in therapy, it concerns me that we still consider the analysis of dream content to be of academic significance. I subscribe to the idea that dreams are a manifestation of random neuron firing that don't reflect any unconscious motives or thoughts, which seems to be as accepted in the academic community as other theories of dream interpretation. I probably hold this view from my personal lack of dreams. Even when I do dream, the details quickly become fuzzy, if they're not forgotten altogether. But if it's true that dreams are just the production of random factors, then there's no point in analyzing them other than for entertaining interesting stories produced from this randomness. I'd like my view changed so that I can understand the reasons why psychologists consider dreams worthwhile. Any evidence supporting relevance of dream content or validityconsistency in interpretation would be a plus. EDIT: My view has been changed on the following points. -It wouldn't make sense to say that dreams have no meaning or underlying trigger in the context of recurring or invasive dreams, like those of victims of traumatic experiences. In such cases, it would certainly make sense to analyze those dreams. It was kind of foolish of me to forget the importance of such cases. -Supposing the "random neuron firing" theory is true, those random firings might represent certain patterns and constructs that are most prevalent in the consciousness. Hence, dream analysis would be able to detect such patterns. -Despite my general lack of dreams, I can't say I haven't had any recurring patterns or motifs in the dreams (that I can remember, anyway). This has to mean something, and dream analysis, theoretically, could find out.