In 1996 California passed Proposition 209 which banned state governments from considering race, gender, or ethnicity in the public sector. Most famously this was important in college admissions. An example of the affect this had on public policy could be found at Berkeley, where the Asian population before the bills passage was approximately 25. After the Bills passage the population rose to about 45 of the population. Here are two data tables I found specifically in california pertaining to the matter: (General data for all schools which exist in the university of California public system) (data specifically at the university of California at Berkeley) In the first data table make sure to include Indian Pakistani, and Filipino as "Asian" because Filipino is typically considered Asian, and because Indian Pakistani students are also hurt by Affirmative Action. In the case of California, after race wasn't considered the number of Asian applicants accepted into the university system nearly doubled. A conclusion that one could draw from this (in my case the conclusion I did draw from this) was that Asian Americans are harmed in the admissions process when race is considered as a factor. Counter arguments that I predict include: " What if the gain after the ending of affirmative action policies in California was the result of a growing number of Asian applicants?" My Response: After 1996 the number of Asian Applicants started growing in total, and the number of applicants who were admitted began to grow. However, the number of Asian counterparts who were admitted began to exceed the number of white counterparts admitted, and the proportion of admitted Asian students was greater than the proportion of admitted white students, indicating that Asian students had a higher admission rate in proportion to their population than their white counterparts. This allows us to see that if one takes a rising population into account, that there was still an increase in the percentage of Asian students in colleges in California after elimination of race based policies. Another counterargument I forsee is: " Asians are over represented in colleges anyway, it shouldn't matter if affirmative action causes them to have higher admission standards" My response: Reducing a student down to their race, and using said race as an excuse to deny them an education when they may have been perfectly capable had they only been judged by their academic merits is racism, because it offers negative consequences for an individual based off of their race. In an academic environment, I want each individual to be judged on merit, and scholarship, not on skin color. I forsee another argument that while Affirmative action may be racist against Asian students, that it's a good thing, because it offers academic opportunities to minorities, and is therefore acceptable. Although it's disturbing to think that somebody could justify racism against people, I will respond to this criticism. In addition to affirmative action being racist against Asians, it also negatively effects Black students who enroll in colleges as well. This paper outlines how black students at universities fare in comparison to their white counterparts, important data is on pages 4,8, and 18, although the entire paper is useful. On page 17, there is a data table that shows how in STEM and business based fields, black male students are most likely to change majors halfway through. However, I will concede that Black Females have a lower chance of leaving their field than white females in that respect. I will also concede that the data compiled in the paper applied to Duke university, and may not be universally applicable, however, it does indicate that there is at least a problem with respect to student performance and race based admissions processes. Affirmative action will do little to help people, if people aren't prepared academically for the environments which they enter. By lowering the bar for individuals who preform sub par in an academic environment , we put an unfair burden on them by not putting them in an environment where they can succeed. Additionally, we imply that Black (and Hispanic) individuals as races will preform poorly by requiring less of them as students, which is a self fulfilling prophesy at competitive institutions. This insulting policy not only perpetuates ignorant stereotypes, but also reduces students down to racial quotas. To summerize my main points: 1- Asians are unfairly discriminated against in college admissions due to the color of their skin when affirmative action is in place. 2- In California when race based policies were overturned Asians were given equal opportunity, and managed to out preform their white counterparts when judged only on merit 3- Students admitted into competitive institutions because of racial preference preform worse than their counterparts who are admitted on merit, because they aren't prepared for the competition they will face in College, and as such are denied education that is more suited to their needs 4- By lowering the bar for certain races we perpetuate the stereotypes of ignorance, and cause individuals who are qualified to face more scrutiny because of associations with said race. 5- Diversity for the sake of diversity is racist, because it reduces individuals down to skin colors and genders, and fails to judge by merit. I welcome constructive criticism, and I will do my best to respect differing opinions, provided that people respect my opinions. Thank you for reading, discuss.