I feel the only response to this is that because it's based on private sector exchanges, and not government "socialism" that it's more conservative. However I think on balance a single payer system is actually much less regulatory and burdensome on the free market. Single payer would do away with medicare, medicaid, cobra, and the mountain of complicated regulatory and subsidy structures with Obamacare. It streamlines government and consolidates the whole clusterfuck that is current day healthcare. It doesn't "pick winners and losers." If you're a citizen, you get healthcare. Rich or poor. You pay taxes, you benefit, guaranteed. This is friendlier to libertarian ideals than complicated government red tape getting in the way of everything, and doesn't have as much of a welfare angle. It's not about the "makers" subsidizing the "takers" it's just an equal benefit to every citizen. It's cheaper. Single-payer countries pay less than we do both per capita and per GDP as a whole. Not to mention you never, ever, ever have to worry about medical bills or mysterious insurance plans again. That's a gigantic relief on your budget, and the government's. It frees private business. It's insane that health care is linked to private business as it is. These big companies have to pay overwhelming amounts to cover their employees. Imagine all the money and resources they save if none of them ever again have to budget for healthcare! Zero healthcare regulations either. This whole regulatory system is wiped out, and businesses are free to focus on their market. In addition to the above, it frees the individual to pursue their own businesses and take risks. Millions of people feel forced to stay with unsatisfactory jobs just for fear of losing their health care. Without that shackle, you are liberated to create your own startup or pursue much more promising jobs without fear of your health bankrupting you. That fear is an invisible burden on our economy right now. Without it, entrepreneurs are unshackled. Even private insurance does not have to suffer and die. There will always be a market for cadillac healthcare plans that could supplement the basic universal coverage. You can always use your money to get more of what you want, and single payer doesn't prevent any rich people from spending their money for their luxuries. Morally, taking care of the sick is much more Jesus-like if you're socially conservative. I'm getting distracted. I know there are many more reasons I could list, but that can continue in discussions. Basically, while single payer could be viewed as a large government expansion in a vacuum, overall it actually consolidates and streamlines government, takes out a huge maze of regulations and market interventions, and lets private businesses and individuals freer to operate as they please. I am in favor of Obamacare, I think it's a big step up from what we have now. Republicans and conservative democrats were fools to stand in the way of single payer, because now they have this compromise that is the worst of all worlds. Kind of like Unconditional Basic Income as a replacement for welfare, Single-Payer Healthcare is a socialist sounding idea that's actually much more palatable to libertarian and conservative ends. For those who accept the fact that we'll always have a government, but want it as efficient and unburdensome as possible should get behind it. CMV. EDIT: Grammars