Hello fellow Gerrymandered-citizens! Of course [Gerrymandering] has been around since the 19th century, but things really kicked into overdrive in the 2000 period. I tend to be uncommitted between the parties (this is what everyone says, I know; but it even speaks to Gerrymandering that people with strong opinions are irrelevant), but it seems undeniable to me that the Republican Party has pioneered upping the ante in this game. Of course the Democrats have been all too happy to oblige, and the blame is certainly equitable at this point in time. Texas led the way to this Brave New World of hyper-Gerrymandering the wiki article has the most charming evolution of [Travis County in the early 2000s] . There are many other things that have undermined the principles of representative government in the US money in politics, lobbyists, fear, hyper-partisan media, the rise of special interests, an entrenched political caste. But Gerrymandering is the final nail in the coffin. Allowing representatives (parties) to choose who they represent, and diluting alternative opinions by spreading them among districts, is at the root of the gridlock in the country. It totally, utterly cripples our ability to act effectively on any issue of national importance. Other problems have gummed up the gears, but Gerrymandering has blown them straight off. I worry that Pandora's Box is open and there's no way back to non-gridlock, non-crazy politics in the US. I think it's even more destructive than the endemic fear of terrorism, which we all know has fundamentally altered the country's DNA. And all the worse that it's relatively silent, it's all backroom-dealing with the only outcry coming from people educated enough to even know what it is. It guarantees no third parties, it essentially makes elections a mere formality, and has totally destroyed the country. At the risk of sounding like a crank, it's a transition form of dictatorship. I think very few people (politicos) would argue for Gerrymandering. What I'd like to see are people who believe it isn't as dire an issue as I do, and can substantially argue that there are worse developments at the core of this country's political problems, or that there's a way back, or that Gerrymandering is not that big a deal. Bonus points if you can argue for it convincingly! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!