EDIT - Title should read "I believe religious people are a bad advert for religion -CMV" after it was pointed out the title leads to a ridiculously low burden of proof on the opposite side of the discussion. Not that advertising it is within the spirit of religion anyway. Let me explain first that I am a Muslim. I believe in a divine being who created the world. I believe that Muhammad, Jesus, Moses and many others were prophets who tried to bring a message of the divine throughout human history. I am also a medical student. I believe in evolution, the scientific method, and believe that science is an important tool for improving civilisation and tackling ignorance and superstition. But what are my reasons for the belief in the title? Well let me construct my argument for you. Religion is meant to encourage people to dedicate themselves to a greater good. Islam especially is about following almost a code of conduct, a creed where you spread good and neutralise evil. I feel the majority of religious people fail in this in one of the two following ways. Some let their faith become a strange metaphysical "let jesus into your heart" type of thing that endorses delusion (the more you want to believe it's true the more you will). This both alienates non-religious people and polarises religious people against them, preventing the development of an inclusive society that treats all people equally, regardless of their views. If you don't believe this point, I would ask you to envision an American president who isn't Christian. Others have perverted their religion to their own political views, and use it as justification for holy conflicts, not only committing acts forbidden by religion, but allowing commentators to taint the silent majority by the actions of an extreme minority. Religious people who are indoctrinated with their religion or who have grown up with it do not fully understand why they perform certain rituals, or indeed what they are. Lack of knowledge about their religion beyond a superficial explanation for things is one of the reasons religion can be used to so easily manipulate people (for example the Selafi campaign tactic in egypt was basically to tell voters that their opponents were infidels). True religion requires critical thinking, but this is all too often forgotten by followers who think religion is about passively following rules and not actively effecting change. This point extends to religious people who are selective in what rituals they perform, and I have to include myself in this. I'm talking about the Jew who doesn't eat kosher, the Muslim who drinks, or the Christian who doesn't turn the other cheek. Their hypocrisy undermines everything they are supposed to believe in. My argument is if you actually believe in the moral merit of the message, how can you follow it by any less than 100? Then comes the worst of all. The narrow mindedness. Have you ever been in an argument with someone who seems to be trying to convert you, or at least prove that he's right and you're wrong. (Being fair, I have met atheists like this too) Religion is not about scoring points, or converting people, it's about setting an example through your actions. If we can't be in a position to discuss the various moral, social and practical insights our beliefs afford us without becoming personally offended by opposing views then we are giving away the noblest part of our human intellectual capacity for a meagre price.