First, there are concerns for the mother and baby. Nursing babies, especially very young babies have very strict nursing requirements, often something like every three hours or more. If a mother feels unable to nurse in public, the mother will feel unable to go out in public because of the sheer planning that would have to go into it, or they would be encouraged to use infant formula, which is less healthy for the baby. It is very difficult to find places in public that are simultaneously private (like a bathroom), sanitary, and comfortable. A common compromise is to use a cover, but this strikes me as a bad idea because it introduces additional hassle and difficulty to the process which many mothers and babies already find difficult. In theory, there are a bunch of possible workarounds, but the reality is that they are all a hassle or require mothers to be unreasonably selective about the places they can go. Second there are considerations for society and specifically boys and men and sexuality. If you watch breastfeeding, there is really nothing sexually arousing about it. Some people may have fetishes, but the fetishes of one person should not be the lone reason to stop a good practice, especially considering that there are plenty of counter examples of fetishes which are considered non-sexual in normal contexts. Additionally, Western society is hyper-sexualized, partially due to the marketability of sex appeal. The extensive use of breasts as a marketing tool, breasts poised for sex-appeal in entertainment, and breast centered pornography, can mean that most men will never see breasts that were not set forward to appeal to them sexually outside of their sexual relationships. Thus it seems a bit hypocritical to raise a fuss about non-sexualized breasts which are briefly exposed in between latches while raising minimal fuss about the sexualized breasts which permeate society. Additionally, I think it serves a positive, balancing effect for men to see breasts in non sexual contexts when they are not being highlighted as an object of attention, just as a normal part of life. To be clear, it should be the mother's choice of course, and private property owners can still have freedom to set their own rules about what takes place on their property. My argument is that it should be normal and uncontroversial, not that it already is.