I am the type of person that has good days during which I can focus well and poor days during which my head hurts, I feel uncomfortable or am tired, among other reasons. The reason I bring that up is because the grade I get on an exam is largely determined by that factor of my daily feeling. If I have a test on a certain day I feel great, I can get way greater than the average. If I don't feel good that day, I get below or way below average. It has nothing to do with the knowledge of the subject, but rather my ability to focus due to distractions. In addition, I get nervous during exams because they make up so much of the grade. I usually find myself having to re-read a question three or four times because I have an adrenaline rush and then the fact that I'm taking so long to re-read the questions (which are usually long and complicatedly-worded) makes me even more nervous because I feel like I won't finish in time by wasting this time. After all this, I think the best reason for my view is that for every exam (I am a STEM major) I take, the professor does not test us on every single topic but rather 50-75. This combined with the fact that I usually only have 5-9 questions for a 2-2.5 hour long test means that grades are dependent on what you happen to be certain on. For example, let's say it's the low-ball 5 question test. Let's say I know each topic presented pretty well and I get a 90 (points off for stupid mistakes). However, I went into the test knowing that I did not understand one topic. Now... what happens if that topic ends up on the test? In my experience, this topic could span not only one but two questions. That means, just my sheer luck a 90 could go down to a D. I do not think exams are a good indicator of subject knowledge when the outcome can range so greatly between an A and a D from luck of the questions and your physical state the day of the test. Sure, I guess I deserve a D for not knowing, but this system of radical grade range means to me that it is not precise and therefore a poor indicator of knowledge. To recap for a TL;DR: 1. Some days I feel bad, some days I feel incredibly good. 2. I get nervous during tests easily and 'blank' on questions. 3. Your grade is dependent on the luck of the question. Why does all of this matter in the long run? Because 2-4 exams in universities usually make up 50-80 of your total grade. Note: Not sure if I want to include SATs as an exam in this case but I guess if you want to talk about them you can