Now this isn't about ragging something goofy, because I can take goofiness. I enjoy Dr. Who, though how much it fucks around with damn near everything can be a tough pill to swallow. The Power Rangers show itself is fine, if you like it, be my guest. But this new PowerRangers short has been blowing up everywhere because of the legality and the darkness, but all I can think of is how cheesy and bad it is. The grittiness goes beyond even Dredd's level of darkness. The fight scenes, while well-choreographed, had these cheap stock effects that took me out of it. James Van Der Beek and Katie Sackhoff are terrible here, mostly because of the awful lines they're fed. There are no pathos and ethos to the Power Rangers franchise, such as a work like Batman, so the utter seriousness doesn't feel well-earned, but gratuitous. And the short's failure to work as well as it should have lead to another unfortunate problem: it kinda proved that the entire Power Rangers franchise as a whole is really dumb. Again, goofiness is fine, but you have giant robot dinosaurs lead by a maniacally laughing Maleficent knock off (keeping the laugh in the short was especially dumb, like when the Sonic short film kept Jaleel White's '90s voice of Sonic). It's really hard to take seriously. I've seen short films create better developed charaxter's in less time than this one. However, I feel bad about ragging on an entire franchise because of one crappy short, so please help me understand the other side, I'm open to changing if it's an especially good answer. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!