My brother is making the absolute worst decisions ever, and it's even worse because he cannot even afford his mistakes by himself. My brother first started dating a girl months ago, he met her when he was down at a college (presumably hanging out with friends above all else). Months pass and he tells us of his plans of moving out. He wants to move to Philadelphia, which is 2 hours away from the city we live in now. The girl he met goes to college there. His idea is to attend a community college down in that city. No, not where she goes, but a community college. Alright, that is stupid but it does work out. What he says next is mind boggling. Rather than attend the community college here, which is likely cheaper than the one down in Philadelphia, he plans on living in an apartment which is 700 monthly. So just to give you the picture here, he refuses to attend the local CC (which is actually in town, nonetheless) so he will rather attend the one in Philly where that girl lives. So when he could attend a cheaper community college whilst living at home, he would rather topple himself with a 700 a month apartment and a more expensive school. I think my mother is making stupid decisions when she is deciding to pay his first month's rent. Simply because I doubt it will be her last payment. I'm under the impression that it is solely about this girl. With that said, what happens when they break up? My brother will likely drop everything and try to move back home, and it has happened before. My brother attended Bloomsburg University, so he decided to get an apartment with friends, and the idiot put every single thing under his name, including the lease. He dropped out of Bloomsburg University and he is still in debt with the landlord of the previous apartment. He was close to having to go to the magistrate, but my mother is deciding to help him by paying off the 400 he owes. I fear that the same scenario will happen upon my brother and his girlfriend breaking up. He will pack up and move back home, living on the living room couch (he even has a bed in HIS ROOM, what a fool). I don't think it's right for him to bring our mom into this, but she is doing this willingly. It's sad because he can barely afford it, I personally don't think she can. She set herself up for many more payments, I have a feeling. My brother won't even have a job when he is down in school. I wish it wasn't possible for someone without a source of income to have an apartment in their name. That's enough rambling, I'm sorry for making this disorganized. I'm new to this, I just wanted to hear what you guys think and how you would approach this. Obviously my voice in this is not meaningful, and it's not really regarded at all. It's not my life, but it's indeed my mom, and I want to change her mind with supporting my brother's stupid mistakes. However, it just hasn't been working. Thank you for reading, and even more of a thank you if you do help CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!