Most people think of the Beach Boys as the band in the 60s who sung about surfing, cars and girls. What many do not know is that the Beach Boys were competitors with the Beatles at one point. They competed to reach the top spots on the charts and they challenged each other by taking their music to new creative levels. The most famous example is how The Beatles were inspired by The Beach Boys' Pet Sounds when making Sgt. Pepper. Two recognizable examples of The Beatles imitating the Beach Boys' vocal harmonies are the songs "Here, There and Everywhere" and "Back in the U.S.S.R.." One important distinguishing factor between the groups is that The Beach Boys' producer was Brian Wilson, a Beach Boy himself. However, the Beatles had an external producer, George Martin. He was known as the "fifth Beatle" but he was not actually part of the group. I believe much of The Beatles' work would be lackluster if not for George Martin. Since Brian Wilson was a Beach Boy, it gives the Beach Boys more credibility. The Beach Boys moved away from surfing, cars and girls in the late 60s and 70s. Lyrical themes explored in their seminal album Pet Sounds include loneliness, adolescence, identity, loss of innocence and growth. After Pet Sounds, things went downhill for the Beach Boys commercially but they continued to evolve musically. Critically acclaimed albums such as Wild Honey, Friends, Sunflower, Surf's Up, Holland, Love You and The Smile Sessions are great examples of their continued musical growth. These albums were virtually ignored in the U.S. at the times of their release because of the Beach Boys decline in popularity. Genres explored in these albums are baroque pop, psychedelia, rb, and even synth pop. One song that sticks out to me in particular is Til' I Die] " from the album Surf's Up because it dramatically contrasts the stereotypical Beach Boy image. Written by Brian Wilson himself, the song evokes a sense of hopelessness that The Beatles would have never delved into. I think the Beach Boys taking on the whole nostalgia act in the 80s and onward killed their image and musical output while The Beatles always have remained the gold standard. I feel like The Beatles just happened to be at the right place, at the right time and their influence on pop culture made the critics love them even more. I have respect for the Beatles and recognize their talent and influence. I acknowledge that the Beach Boys have released a ton of nostalgic garbage in the 80s and 90s but I do not think that should completely detract from their former glory. The Beach Boys have existed for 50 years and have influenced many significant artists such as Pink Floyd, Cream, the Who, Elton John, ABBA, Bruce Springsteen, the Ramones, Sonic Youth, Beck, R.E.M., Weezer, Neutral Milk Hotel, Radiohead, of Montreal, the Olivia Tremor Control, the Flaming Lips, My Bloody Valentine, Daft Punk, Air, Kraftwerk, Yellow Magic Orchestra, Saint Etienne, Pixies, MGMT, and Animal Collective. How are they still widely known as that one "fun in the sun" surf band?