While I totally agree that the amount of student loan debt in the US is obscene, I don't believe that it poses a systemic risk to the US economy that would warrant the label 'bubble'. The fundamental characteristic of a financial 'bubble' is it's tendency to 'burst' and wipe out capital, and for many reasons - this is impossible with student loans. Furthermore, the massive level of student debt is skewed by borrowers who take out gigantic loans: the amount of debt accumulated by the average student is totally manageable with a college-graduate income. A bubble bursts when investors or creditors are forced to write off debts or are otherwise unable to recoup their investments. When the 1990s dot-com bubble burst, investors were unable to realize projected gains on their investments and creditors had their loans dismissed in bankruptcies. In the 2000s housing bubble, houses were purchased at an inflated value and either 'short-sold' or foreclosed upon. In both bubbles, debts were discharged and lenders received less than they loanedinvested. This is impossible with student loans. There is no asset to be repossessed and re-sold: at a loss or otherwise, and residual debt cannot be discharged (except in the case of the borrower's death). The aggregate student debt amount is high, but the average debt per borrower is fairly low: [about 29,400 per borrower] . [The average starting salary for a student with a bachelor's degree in the US in 2013 was 45,000] . Obviously, some students borrow far more and some far less: some earn far more and others far less. But if an average graduate were to only put 10 of their monthly income toward paying off loans, he would be paid off in about 8 years (assuming 6.8 interest, which is what I paid - I understand it's much lower now). 8 years of sacrificing only 10 of your income may delay large purchases, but it's far from 'crippling'. A borrower who commits 25 of his income and lives off the other 75 will be debt-free in 2 years - giving him much more time to save for large purchases. The student loan system is far from insolvent. Last year, the student loan program made a profit of 41.3 billion dollars. Even with default rates at historic highs, there are still enough borrowers who are repaying (or having their wages garnished and tax refunds withheld) to keep the system solvent and profitable. The circumstances that would cause the student loan system to become insolvent would have to be: massive unemployment (so much so that wages could not be garnished or tax refunds withheld) and a drastic increase in interest rates. These would crash the economy long before the insolvency of the student loan program would. I think the student loan program is working exactly as intended. The college degree still has demonstrable economic value in the market, and most students borrow a manageable amount of money and pay it back before their prime income-earning years. The doom-and-gloom handwringing over the slowing of the credit markets, housing markets, and new-car buying has more to do (I think) with Millennials' aversion to debt after coming of age during the Recession. I think I speak for many members of my generation when I say: I have enough money to put a down-payment on a house, finance a car, or have a credit card and pay it off each month - I don't because I've seen what happens to people in debt when the economy takes a dive. Look at it this way: [the average car payment in the US is 471.00] , and 70 of Americans buy cars with debt. By comparison, about 9 of Americans have outstanding student loans, and only 60 of students come out of college owing anything in loans - the average monthly payment for those who do is 375.00month. There is definitely a student debt problem in the US, but it's part of a larger debt problem that includes cars, mortgages, medical debt, and consumer spending. Student loan debt is certainly not a 'bubble' that poses any systemic problem to the economy, and it's certainly not going to burst any time soon. CMV. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!