The Keystone XL pipeline is an oil pipeline that is intended to connect the Alberta tar sands to refineries in Texas. Tar sands are one of the least environmentally friendly forms of petroleum because it takes a lot of energy to refine them into light hydrocarbons, like gasoline, and refining them releases a lot of greenhouse gasses and air pollutants. The pipeline is intended to go through a lot of protected wilderness and protected lands, and there is always the chance of breaks and spillage from the pipeline. Opponents of the pipeline claim that if we don't build it, then the Alberta tar sands won't get produced. However.... As it currently stands, the Alberta tar sands are already being drilled and produced, but instead of being shipped by pipeline, most of them are being shipped by train. This will not actually slow down drilling, but instead overloads the train lines, which are more environmentally dangerous than pipelines. For one thing, it takes a lot more energy to ship oil by train than by pipe. For another, trains are much more likely to cause oil spills, fires, and loss of life than pipelines. For instance, the [Lac-Megantic train derailment] , last year in Quebec, carrying Bakken crude oil, in which 72 train cars derailed, spilling over 2 million gallons of oil, killing 42 people and destroying half of a town. A pipeline doesn't carry nearly this high a risk. In addition, a lot of Alberta tar sands crude is being shipped overseas for processing in places like China, where the environmental regulations in the refining process may be much lower, and USA and Canada don't even get the benefit of using the petroleum. Sending the petroleum to Texas for refining would be a benefit to the US economy because we would actually keep most of it. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!