Hi Reddit, Let me preface by saying that I am against discrimination against anyone for their race or religion. I would not be in favour of a law that advocates for the discrimination, exclusion, genocide, etc. of Muslims from public discourse as I see no ethical way of doing so. I believe the religion, not the people, should be eliminated and of course I see that as impossible. Moreover, I have many friends and even family members who are Muslim and love them very much as people. I also don't blame many who are raised muslim and remain so due to social ties, indoctrination, etc. as I find it kind of sad. Indeed I often don't understand how some of the brilliant, fun, open-minded individuals I am friends with still identify as Muslim. However, I absolutely abhor the religion. I have read the Quran and find it to be a mound of contradictions (the bible and torah are as well but nowhere near as downright violent and hateful as the Quran). I have spoken to my Muslim friends and family alike (I am an agnostic atheist) and they tend to cherrypick verses from the Quran to attempt to "prove wrong" some of my points. They justify seeing women as worth testifying as half of a man well we know how women nature is, they like to gossip and exaggerate, Islam doesn't deny human nature and is realist not idealist. They justify misogyny We don't deny how men are naturally. Men are indeed very weak creatures who need us to put them on a pedestal. Women are strong because we are not afraid to show subordination in order to keep things going" or "covering our hair is doing a service to them, it is how we acknowledge that they are weak creatures who, unlike us, simply can't control themselves when in lust and lust more after appearances I bring up the verses that talk about death to infidels and apostates and they respond with the cherrypicked "you have your religion, I have my religion" and the anti-coercion verses. Yet they fail to realize that if their book was indeed the word of God, then there wouldn't be any contradictions! I am not a fan of Christianity or any religion for that matter, but I believe that Islam has had a disproportionately negative influence. Yes, Christians push their views on others. Yes, sometimes they kill for it. Yes, they are homophobic too, they are anti-choice and sometimes misogynistic. The difference is that Christians, for the most part, don't make women cover their head, don't have issues with work outside the home, advocate that people LOVE everyone, including infidels (as opposed to the muslims who hate infidels because the Quran decries and insults them). So what negative influence has Islam had? In short, they are bringing society backward. Their mindset is stuck in the medieval age, or maybe as some say the 7th century. Sure, Mohammed might have been a feminist for his time, but seriously get with the program, it's 1400 years later, the world turns and progresses, why are you stuck on your backwards ideology? In list-form, the negatives are: 1. They put men on a pedestal, give women less rights - i.e. control where they go, who they are with, make sure genders don't mix, restrict opportunities, force them to cover up, sometimes mutilate them so they can't experience sexual pleasure, they make their testimony be worth half that of a man, etc. This comes at a time where women's rights are making leaps and bounds in a positive direction. 2. They try to push their views on everyone in the area and if they don't, they are punished severely (i.e. persecutions of Christians and Jews in the Middle East). This comes at a time where we are increasing our tolerance for other types of people. 3. They don't let people just believe what they want and [most believe in killing apostates] . This comes at a time when people are becoming more open-minded about differing beliefs. 4. Violence. They believe it's okay to be violent in pursuit of their ultimate goal - i.e. the ends justify the means. They are so busy fighting each other (shia vs. sunni), fighting other cultures (christians, Israel, etc.) Martyrdom is honoured and - for pete's sake - they're handing out candy in Palestine for abducting children and the mother of a suspect said she'd be PROUD if it were her son who kidnapped the Israeli boys. How is this ever okay? It doesn't matter what Israel did or did not do, the actions of Muslim countries and attitudes towards Israel are unacceptable and disproportionately brutal. Muslim society gets away with murder when the world should be fighting back and letting them know their crazy antics are not okay. How can we just let them do their stupid barbaric violent nonsense? Indeed, tens of thousands of terror attacks were committed worldwide by Muslims in the name of Islam, mostly against other Muslims. This comes at a time in history that is less violent than ever and getting even less violent. 5. They have laws that favour them as opposed to outsiders (dhimmis) and give them extra perks - at a time when we are increasing equality and getting rid of laws that give privilege to one religion over another. 6. Homophobia. They are virulently homophobic - all the countries that make homosexuality punishable by death are Muslim and cite Islamic law - at a time when gay rights are finally being taken seriously as civil rights. 7. They are against free speech. if someone ever so much as makes fun of or insults islam they are punishable by death in Islamic countries. In non-Islamic countries (e.g. the Mohamed cartoon), people are trying to kill them for martyrdom and clerics are issuing fatwas on their lives. This comes at a time when the importance of free speech is recognized now more than ever. 8. They're totally cool with youth marriage. Again, refusing to give women any agency - they're property, chattel, etc. I don't care about references to Khadija, she's obviously the exception, not the norm. 9. Islamic society is all about conformity, and opposes innovation. Can you count on one hand the number of Muslims who have won the Nobel Prize for innovation in a field that isn't "Peace"? Nope? That's because there are only [four of them] . Out of one and a half billion muslims. Contrast that with Jews who form 0.18 of the world population and [won nearly one quarter of all Nobel Prizes] , and [Atheists who have won 67 Nobel Prizes] . This comes at a time that has seen the greatest innovation in history and the trend continues. 10. Islam denies many scientific tenets that go against their holy scripture. This comes at a time when we are trying to increase scientific literacy. I could go on. "But those who are doing all those things are not being real muslims!" Have you even read the Quran? It's a pretty brutal book. I don't care about the "context of the time," when a book is that brutal maybe you should abandon it? And how do you justify that the majority of Muslim cultures in the world interpret Sharia that way (all the above reasons are applicable to the majority of Muslim countries)? "Islam is actually more feminist than common society because we want people to judge us by our personality and intelligence not our looks, and hijab does that" Then why do you cake on so much damn makeup? No but seriously, it is just another way of showing that a woman's worth is in her virginitypurity and taking more choice away from the woman. It also justifies men doing bad bad things "I raped her because she deserved it because she wasn't in hijab!" Telling men they can't control themselves produces men who don't bother trying. "It's the culture, not the religion!" The culture and religion are so intermeshed in Islamic society that you can't tease them apart. Therefore the culture has BECOME the religion and vice versa. "We understand the nature of men and women and have these rules as recognition of divine understanding of biological reality." Saying men can't control themselves and that they are weak and have to be put on a pedestal and made to feel like they can control women so that peace can be kept, IMO, is a frequent theme of religion, particularly bad in Islam, and tends to create a self-fulfilling prophesy. It also allows men to get away with all kinds of crazy stuff and blame their biology. "But I just KNOW its the Truth" Ummmm.... how? I don't get it. How can you just assume something is the truth without any legitimate evidence beyond one source. And "I can just feel it" doesn't cut it for me either. Just because it's a different culture doesn't mean they get a free pass to do whatever BS they want and believe whatever BS they want. Yes I am an islamophobe as I am petrified of the religion and the impact it is having on the world - not because I believe in discriminating against muslims. It has brought nothing but violence, hatred, and injustice. They justify bad things in the name of their god because its what "god wants them to do." Islam is the big bully on the playground and is only getting stronger as the fastest growing religion in the world. Am I not the only one who finds that super scary? Are they the religion of peace? Well, I know Muslims claim they find peace in their lives being so predetermined - if they do x, y, and z they go to heaven. It's a simple prescription, but with simplicity comes ignoring of the inevitable complexity of life, and when faced with complexity they just lash out as they simply don't know how to deal with it. Yes, they believe they are doing the world a favour by trying to eliminate non-muslims because with homogeneity comes peace. If everyone was Muslim - and the same type of muslim - there would be peace. Again, oversimplification, because human beings are complex and if they're not fighting about religion they are fighting about something else. If everyone is the same there will be peace - therefore we must have harsh penalties for people who go out of line to scare them into submission and conformity - i.e. "peace." And isn't it presumptuous to decree that ISLAM of all religion should be the dominant one? How do you know other religions aren't also true or at least worthy of respect? And that's why I struggle with religion altogether - how could they all be true? I don't share these views publicly with ANYONE (except my SO, who agrees with me completely) for fear of my safety and people thinking I'm a bigot. I just can't see any good in MODERN Islam. I don't want a lecture on how Islam was so great and at the forefront of intellectual innovation 800 years ago. Islam then was a very different culture and a much more liberal interpretation of the religion. I'm referring to Modern Islam and ONLY Modern Islam. As in, Islamic Society Right Now. Islam and its growth threatens the good societal progress we're experiencing and is a purely negative force. EDIT1: I know that a lot of people are excusing Islamic behaviour with colonialism. Yet most Muslim countries in the Middle East were never colonized. In fact, the more islamofascist countries tend to have never been colonized (eg Saudi, UAE, Afghanistan, Syria), and the colonized Muslim countries relatively "chill" - Indonesia, Malaysia, etc. And by "chill" I mean chill to Islamist country standards, not global standards. Even the mildest Muslim countries have their sharia nonsense.