I have had a pretty open approach to incoming data about global warming, and have had a fairly optimistic view that humanity could face the challenges it brings and adapts. Recently, further research on my part has left me feeling only doomed and that things are hopeless. One major factor in this view shift is the idea of methane release and feedback loops causing rapid and irreversible changes. While I do not fully understand every nuance about such changes, it seems that "doom and gloom" are assured. Here is one example of the type of article that spells out a dozen ways we are just royally screwed: In most articles and discussions, it seems like the onset of these irreversible "we're screwed" tipping points are only a year or three away. I don't expect any significant cessation of all global warming contributing actions to take place in this short time frame, considering it seems we'd have to change our entire way of life right now to even hope of changing any of this. I in no way deny global warming, but I also understand where some can benefit from being especially alarmist about it to pressure people into taking action, they personally profit from their work, or so on. I'm trying to cut through all that and get to the facts, but am finding it difficult and the doom is definitely pulling me. How can the human race possibly overcome so many variables and prevail when so much seems wrong? And this comes on top of a mountain of problems already facing our species at any given moment in time. Does anyone see a better ending to global warming that doesn't rely solely on, "we're awesome and adaptive, and we'll find a way!"? To me it seems literally hopeless. CMV? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than just downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!