I'm not an expert on firearms nor strongly opinionated about gun control. However, I'd like to posit the following: We can develop a biometric device that prevents a gun from firing unless it recognizes that the hand holding it belongs to its registered owner. Perhaps this tech could be integrated into the gun itself, so there's no bulky detachable lock or it could be a detachable lock. Whatever gun people prefer. Once the gun is unlocked, it won't lock again unless you put it down for some significant period of time. So if you're hunting in cold weather, pick up your gun, unlock it, then put on your gloves and venture out. The technology is reliable and does not jam, or refuse to unlock for the rightful owner, with any statistically significant degree of frequency. If it's unrealistic to imagine a device without a failure rate, we should assume the failure rate is the same as what we tolerate in other life-or-death situations (e.g. jet engines, airbags, or the technology comprising the gun as-is). I'm proposing that the U.S. government require this technology be installed for any newly manufactured guns sold to civilians. As to how this would apply to guns purchased by citizens abroad, or other technicalities let's imagine we use the same parameters used under current gun laws when it comes to other restrictions on gun design. While "legacy" guns already in circulation would not have the technology, they would inevitably exit the market one day. Over time, a larger and larger of American guns would be operable only by their owners. If multiple members of a household co-owned a gun, we could calibrate the gun to recognize everyone's handprint but anyone with a recognized handprint would need to satisfy whatever the current law requires before you can legally shoot a gun. I imagine this would exclude (for example) toddlers. The calibration could be performed by a licensed firearms dealer. This would prevent tragedies such as Newtown, incidents where kids stumble upon their parents' guns and accidentally shoot themselves in the face, and similar nastiness. It would not interfere with self defense or other legitimate uses. CMV.