Assumptions Age of consent is based around the understanding that we are protecting children who lack life experience to make a "fully informed" decision. This age represents a point in time where we believe people have reached a level of understanding in the world to engage in this behavior and make a "fully informed decision." Age is a very poor marker of intellectual maturity. Most people are able to make informed decisions about their sexuality much earlier than the age of consent. This is the point of contention. Supporters of the law claim there is "knowledge asymmetry." A 35 year old man knows how to manipulate a 16 year old better than an 18 year old would (if they were attempting to be predatory). But is this behavior truly predatory? The reason why we view this behavior as predatory is bias. When we see an attractive female teacher sleeping with a young male, there are cries to punish this person but mostly for reasons rooted in fairness in the legal system. On a whole, most males would not view this as predatory behavior. We didn't sleep with attractive teachers at that age because we didn't have the chance. Yet, when we reverse those rolls, this view immediately changes. Why is this? Most sexual contact is initiated by a male Most sexual events include at least some resistance This courting process serves an evolutionary purpose, for the male to demonstrate to the female he is a worthy mate. From a puritan point of view then, males that can handle objections and easily overcome sexual objections are acting in a predatory manor. From the female perspective, this male demonstrates confidence above and beyond what her peers may be able to. So the morality or basis of this law hinges on an assumption (bias) that young women don't really want to engage in sex with older men. They're being coerced into it. And even if they wanted to, "they don't have the right to make that decision for themselves." Justifications made from the legislativeparental side I determine the life choices my child makes, because they are not a legal adult My child does not own his or her body, and is not entitled to make choices regarding it without my permission until they are a legal adult My child would not violate age of consent laws, because I am a good parent and will teach them not to violate the law. My child would not violate age of consent laws because they are taught to wait to engage in intercourse. My child would not violate age of consent laws because they do not want to have sex at this age. If my child violates age of consent laws, they should be punished for existing as a sexual being when I designate they should not be, and they do not have the right to choose to use their body in that way. If someone violates age of consent laws with my child, they should be punished because 1) There is asymmetric knowledge (predatory behavior) 2) They are disregarding the law (circular justification) Logic that follows These laws are passed with two actual purposes To enforce the views of a sexually conservative population. To punish "predatory" behavior We don't view similarly aged sexual actors as acting predatory because they don't have knowledge asymmetry, or it is limited. So we give them "Romeo Juliet" laws. We're really just left with "predatory behavior." Which is denying some male and female actors under the age of consent the ability to use their body in a way they feel fit. To have a relationship with someone who they choose to have it with. In female teachermale student cases we can see most men don't really consider this to be problematic. Surely some view it as predatory, most consider it just a legal issue. So really then, we're enforcing a moral judgement. That old men shouldn't sleep with young girls. And that young girls (if they were fully informed) wouldn't want to sleep with older men. I disagree at this point of contention, and use this to assert these laws exist for only two real reasons. 1) Enforce sexually conservative values 2) Punish old men for sleeping with younger girls (which is justified by desexualizing females, point one explained in detail earlier) eg. My daughter would not break the law My daughter doesn't want to have sex, My daughter wouldn't choose to have sex with an older man if she was fully informed If she does want to she should be punished for breaking the law If she did, he tricked her into it, she couldn't have wanted to have sex with him. He should be punished. Looking back in time, would you date the people you dated when you were young? Probably not. That doesn't mean you shouldn't have. You simply made life choices and learned from them. Your perspective of what you want also changed over time. But at the time you certainly wanted to. So at the heart of all of this you're criminalizing poor decisions which are used to gain life experience while trying to enforce sexually conservative values while doing little if anything to stop what this is all really about. Kids having sex Sleazing old people sleeping with young children Rather than responsible older people being sexual partners in these scenarios, we now have mostly low life criminal types. You haven't solved the problem, you've made it worse. These laws must confront reality. That people have sex, at a much younger age than you want them to. With all different people of varying levels of age and life experiance. And that it's not a bad thing. And that we should setup a system that protects young people who are not able to make life decisions yet, in a method that allows them to sunset these protections when they feel they are ready and can demonstrate the capacity to make such a decision. Age is a poor method. If such a method was an accurate determiner of ability to make proper decisions we wouldn't need a driving test. But you need to both pass a formalized test and test of your life experience to do such a thing. Certainly the ability to understand the ramifications of sex is something easy to test for, no different than the objective testing of "driving ability." Such a thing should exist for age of consent. Because otherwise you're merely justifying a reason for the state to have authority over someone's body, which should never be allowed except to protect that person. To force that person to abstain from behavior they are capable of making a decision on rationally under the basis that you are "protecting" them is in my opinion an egregious violation of their civil liberties. Cases in point. There are pre-pubescent children who have attended Ivy League universities. These children are likely much more informed at their age than the average 18 year old. To deny them the ability to make choices about their body is wrong. There are people above the age of consent who lack a total ability to make informed choices. It is my understanding it is not against the law to sleep with mentally retarded people. Clearly a mentally retarded person would demonstrate the highest level of knowledge asymmetry. I conclude that age of consent exists primarily to enforce conservative sexual values, when it's aim should instead of to protect those unable to make a decision while allowing them a way to opt outsunset these protections. This protects children while allowing us to respect the rights of those to own their bodies when they are capable of understanding the ramifications of conduct. To "protect" them for even a day longer than they need this is immoral.