The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) is one of the most important resources for diagnosing mental disorders, and is utilised around the world by psychiatrists and psychologists alike. DSM 5 defines "delusional disorder" as a psychiatric illness, which is characterised by at least 1 month of delusions but no other psychotic symptoms. There are a number of other criteria though I am unsure if I can reproduce them here verbatim. In general, the other criteria include mostly unimpaired functioning, no obviously bizarre behaviour, no major manic or depressive episodes, no substance abuse, and no other identified mental disorder. The evidence for the efficacy of vaccinations is overwhelming and the benefits far outweigh the potential risks. Thus, a person who holds an anti-vaccination belief is delusional, and may be diagnosed as having delusional disorder. Because their anti-vaccination stance presents a risk to themselves (via contracting disease) or others (either via spreading disease, or preventing their children from being vaccinated), then this is grounds for involuntary admission and treatment in a psychiatric facility. CMV! Edit: to provide two useful resources so people can familiarise themselves if required 1. Delusional disorder: 2. Criteria for involuntary admission (VIC, Australia) Note that criteria for involuntary admission (scheduling) varies between states and countries but generally includes risk of harm to self, or to others. Edit 2: I have found the DSM's diagnostic criteria online so will post them here without fear of some type of piracy: A. The presence of one (or more) delusions with a duration of 1 month or longer. B. Criterion A for schizophrenia has never been met (hallucinations, if present, are not prominent and are related to the delusional theme). C. Apart from the impact of the delusion (s) or its ramifications, functioning is not markedly impaired, and behavior is not obviously bizarre or odd. D. If manic or major depressive episodes have occurred, these have been brief relative to the duration of the delusional periods. E. The disturbance is not attributable to the physiological effects of a substance or another medical condition and is not better explained by another mental disorder, such as BDD or OCD. (as found here ) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!