I have voted in every single UK General Election since I became old enough to legally do so. Even when I moved abroad for study, I voted. I was a firm believer that, being fortunate enough to live in a "democracy" where one can vote, we have a duty to do so. Fuck that. I'm tired of politicians and the bullshit that spews forth from their lying, deceitful gums. I'm tired of the Tories, I'm tired of the Lib Dems, I'm tired of Labour, I'm tired of the Greens, I'm tired of UKIP. It's all bullshit and they're all bullshitters. The Green Party and UKIP are mostly straight-shooters, but their policies leave a lot to be desired. Politics is for the parties, not the people. I was at a local council meeting yesterday - a Lib Dem stronghold - where they proposed an increase in councillor allowances. Over the last year rent, parking, and taxes have all increased throughout the borough. The Conservative opposition opposed the blanket increase saying that most of the councillors could comfortably afford to live without a rise in allowance. They thought it better to put the taxpayer's money that would fund the increased allowance back into the community. The conservatives were outvoted by something on the order of 50-6. There are 50 Lib Dem councillors and 6 Conservative councillors. That isn't democracy. Unless you were present at the meeting, the borough's residents wouldn't have even known about this increase. This is a microcosm of national politics. And this is just one example of many. There are member's of parties being suspended for going against party lines, even though they're sticking up for their constituents! That is what politicians should be doing! Anyway, I won't continue muchlonger. I live in a Labour stronghold and I have two options: vote for Labour, because they'll win anyway, or waste a vote on another party. Do the majority of votes actually have any implication in this election anyway? The "first past the post" is flawed. Look at the popular voteseats percentages for the last election: PartyVotesSeats Conservatives10.8 M (36.4) 306 (47.1) Labour8.6M (29) 258 (39.7) Liberal Democrats6.8M (23) 57 (8.8) How, when 23 of the voters chose one party, did they get just fewer than 9 of the seats? How is that a reflection of the people. PartyOne SeatVotes Needed Labour133,370 Conservatives135,313 Liberal Democrats1119,944 It's beyond a joke. I'm tired of politics and politicians and, as such, I won't be voting in this General Election. I want to, so desperately, but don't see any point in doing so... My vote means fuck all. Yeah, no rain drop thinks it's responsible for the flood and all that jazz. But you need hundreds of sandbags to stop it, and I'm just a grain. Please, help me change my view (and sorry for the rant). Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!