I'm a 33 year old male and I eventually want to have a happy family and children. Although I'm in no rush, I have been getting more serious about it recently, and really thinking about whats important to me. I have concluded that looks are the most important thing to me in a mate, not because I am superficial or shallow, but because I believe that looks are the best indicator of ones overall health, intellect, and the types of choices they make. Let me elaborate... First off, let me clarify that "looks" is both subjective and objectiveuniversal. There are certain things like reasonable symmetry, youth (prime fertility), and good health that most people find attractive. Other things are completely subjective like race, hair color, body type, etc.... I think "beauty" is the default trigger of male attraction to females by nature, and for good reason. Beauty signals health, fertility, good genes, intellect, good decision making, and the subjective part of looks probably has something to do with traits that blend well with my own genes. First and foremost, I want my children to be healthy, intelligent, athletic, loving etc... I believe that what a person looks like on the outside is a pretty accurate indication of what they are like on the inside. There are always exceptions to the rule, like injureddiseased people etc, but I feel that this is generally true. Continuing on with why looks are important to me: Youth: Prime fertility for women is between 20 and 35. I have always found women in their mid twenties to early thirties to be the most attractive. This coincides with high fertility zones with women, increasing the chances of conception and lowering the risk of birth defects. Symmetry: I'm not huge on this but facial symmetry is a decent indicator of good genes as shown in scientific studies. Body type: I am attracted to fit, curvy women. This is more of a subjective thing when it comes to looks however there is science behind it. I'm not attracted to rail thin women or overly ripped women, and its been shown that women with body fat too low don't menstruate and are less fertile. I'm also not attracted to overweight women, which is a signal of poor impulse control, possible hormonal abnormalities, lower intellect, or other things which I would not want my children to inherit. I am attracted to curves, and both large breasts and bubble butt appear to be sexual fertility signals on an otherwise fit and healthy woman. Boobs indicate a woman can feed newborns and the shapesizeetc of the butt possibly indicates fitness levels that may be related to sex and procreation. Intellect: I feel that you can read people through their eyes and body language even more so than you can with words. These are both subsets of "looks." It has been said that most communication is nonverbal. You can often tell how people are wired from how they look. Perhaps they are book smart but socially inept, or incapable of abstract thought but extremely socially savvy, etc. Looks hint at how peoples brains functions. Disposition: I feel that a persons disposition, whether they are loving or vicious, compassionate or heartless can be read through their looks. This is something that is more complicated however and may not be apparent at first glance. It may take a long time and multiple encounters with someone to be able to read how their looks convey their disposition. So to finish, looks are the most important thing to me. And by looks I don't mean the objectified woman who most men agree is the hottest thing ever. By looks I mean my own subjective attraction to how a particular woman appears and the message her appearance conveys to me. Perhaps most men are like this, because when most men tell their wife she's beautiful they are being honest, subjectively. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!