Update: ubighandxyz pointed out that you'd need a ton of jurors to make part 1 of this work, and it suddenly started to seem completely infeasible on a practical level. Most of the other arguments seem to be defending the fact that we should trust uninformed people to make decisions based on their passions because sometimes the law is wrong, and this seems deeply flawed to me. I still think we need better training for jurors about what it means for the prosecution to prove its case beyond a reasonable doubt, and some of the specific questions that jurors should ask themselves during deliberation to make sure that this standard is upheld. I also haven't seen anyone arguing against part 2: whether jury selection should be done blind...and I'm very interested if people have reasons why that shouldn't happen. I know there has been at least one similar CMV, but having read through it I'm not convinced. First of all, this applies primarily to criminal cases, where the standard is "beyond a reasonable doubt." I imagine the same might apply to civil cases, but I haven't thought it through as well. There are 2 parts to this belief: 1. We should use professional jurors A jury is currently selected from a pool of randomly chosen "peers." These people mostly have no experience with the legal system. They got a letter in the mail directing them to report for jury duty. They are ill-equipped to undertand their responsibilities as a juror. This causes many problems, such as: Jurors assume the defendant is guilty simply because he must have done something wrong to end up in court When the defendant doesn't testify, jurors take this as evidence of guilt despite explicit instructions that this is not supposed to happen When jurors are given their deliberation instructions at the end, they are given a specific set of components that make up the crime in question. But they have a hard time understanding what this means in the deliberation room. Jurors frequently take irrelevant preferences into account in decision making - whether they like the lawyer, things that they are specifically instructed to ignore, etc. Despite any instruction, jurors deliberate based on the question "do we think he did it?" rather than "has the prosecution proven their case beyond a reasonable doubt?." This is, admittdely, from personal experience on a jury, anecdotes of other friends who have been jurors, and casual reading. But I would be very surprised if it wasn't a widespread issue. Furthermore, [juries convict more often than judges] (who actually understand the legal standards). The reasons for this aren't 100 clear, it seems to be correlated with minimum sentencing guidelines. On the one hand, this could argue that uninformed jurors are better decision-makers when it comes to deciding on the facts. But it also seems reasonable that judges might be right here - minimum sentencing guidelines are a product of politics, and may not be appropriate for a specific defendant, even one proven guilty. Forcing a wildly inappropriate sentence borders on "cruel and unusual." A jury isn't an expression of the "collective will of the people" if it's only possible to make uninformed decisions. This would be like saying "voting is an expression of the collective will of the people, therefore I believe the best way to pick a canditade is to arbitrarily require a few people to vote, and not tell them about the policies of any of the candidates." I believe that professional jurors would be more informed about the sentences connected to each crime. I also believe that they would be better-trained to understand the legal process, to take the appropriate facts into account during deliberations, and to hold the prosecution to the required legal standard. As a side note, jury duty places a strain on the workforce - people are unexpectedly called away for an unknown period of time. Professional jurors would aleviate this problem, albeit not entirely - it probably wouldn't be a full-time job (you'd still need a big pool of pro jurors to aleviate jury tampering and corruption issues, so any given juror couldn't always be on duty) but the workforce impact would be limited. The main benefit I see to the current system is that pulling people randomly gives ordinary citizens a view into the legal system. And as a juror, it was a fascinating experience. But I'm not sure that this benefit is worth the price if it means we can't have an actually fair system. I beleve the best way to assess job performance for these jurors would be a statistical analysis of conviction rates (controlled for things like crime rates). Determing any given juror's voting record would be easy enough, if they are deciding statistically differently than other jurors for long enough, they're out. Admittedly, I haven't thought through all of the nuance of this, and even I can see some flaws, but perhaps they're not irreparable, and importantly, perhaps the flaws still aren't worse than the current system. 2. Juror selection should be done blind However you get the overall pool, the current system of selecting the jury seems flawed. I believe that the defense and prosecution should be able to ask relevant questions and remove jurors that might have already decided the case based on past experience. But I think this process should be done blind - either via questionnaire or via an intermediary. The attorneys shouldn't be able to see the jurors prior to the trial, and they should be prevented from asking questions about protected classes that might be obvious in a current selections (race, sex, age, religion, sex, familial status, certain disabilities). I believe this would be inherently better with a professional jury system, because you'd be selecting from people who, regardless of these things, have committed themselves to judging based on the standards of the law. But even without a pro jury pool, I believe there are ways to get at those key questions in a more case-relevant way - the question is not whether a juror is a single mother, it's whether she'd be likely to ignore facts just because she knows life is hard, regardless of the strength of the case. The current system must have other benefits, or maybe I'm not seeing fatal drawbacks of my proposal. Change my view! Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!