In the US, the second amendment among other things guarantees the right to keep and bear arms. To the best of my knowledge, that was amended to protect citizens from the government. I don't think that in modern times citizens would stand a chance against the US government regardless of the guns we are allowed to own. Between military funding for advanced weaponry and the specialized urban warfare training our troops have due to the war on Iraq, I don't think that the purchase of guns would help or hinder a revolution effort. Furthermore revolution in modern times would no longer take the form of physical altercation but rather manipulation of officials and a sway in public opinion. This leads me to believe that the second amendment is completely outdated and cannot be used in an argument for or against gun control. As a further point, I don't think a ban on guns is suitable for a nation like the US. Statistics from other nations often fail to compare the social and political environment. Simply put it is obvious that a reduction in gun ownership leads to a reduction in gun related violence just as a reduction in shoes leads to a reduction in shoelace tying. However, in a nation like the US there are far more areas of lawlessness where the matter of personal defense becomes more relevant than in other nations like the UK, Japan, and Sweden. I don't think a comparison in terms of gun violence versus gun regulation is sufficient to speak for the fact that some nations have better ability to maintain lawful order in protection of citizens. I think a nation's ability to police is an important factor in determining the affect of gun laws and that in better policed (more lawful) nations a reduction in gun ownership will lead to a safer society (less crime) and the converse is also true: a less policed nation (less lawful) reducing the gun ownership will lead to a less safe society (more crime). CMV EDIT: I am now convinced that the US military wouldn't be able to overcome the US citizens. I am not convinced that the weapons we can use would be able to defend us well enough to justify their abuse in peace.