This is a Toronto-centric thread but really, the arguments apply to streetcars in any city. For decades Toronto public transit has relied on electric streetcars. These slow, inflexible vehicles cluster downtown streets, creating traffic jams in a city with horrendous traffic issues already. I used to believe that busses were inferior for environmental reasons but it turns out that Toronto busses run on locally-produced flax seed fuel, which does not create emissions. Here are the problems with streetcars: - Major thoroughfares such as Spadina or St. Clair which are large enough to support 3 lanes in both directions are dug up and redesigned to have one lane for cars, one for streetcars, with a cement divider between the two...and the streetcar lane is barely used. - Streetcars require rails in the streets which are a serious hazard for cyclists and can cause safety issues for other motorists. - Rails and overhanging wires are butt fucking ugly. - Streetcars cannot leave the centre lane, which means whenever they stop to let people off the entire flow of traffic is halted as pedestrians cross the outer lanes to board the streetcar in the centre lane. It is illegal to try to pass a streetcar during the boarding process. - Streetcars can be as long as two busses, making the slow, frequently halting vehicles difficult to pass in downtown streets with minimal space. - Streetcar drivers must park the vehicle in the middle of the road during their breaks. Many give little care as to where they park, often blocking traffic. - Streetcars take a very long time to turn, usually taking longer time than a green light allows, halting an entire intersection during the process. During the turn they often lose contact with the overhanging wire and must be reset manually by the driver leaving the vehicle, procuring a reaching tool and repositioning the contact, further delaying traffic a minute or so. What could possibly justify this extraordinary inefficiency? Why aren't busses preferable?