Everyone is familiar with the phrase, "nice guys finish last." It's a common aphorism that's been used for at least all of my lifetime. It was generally used to dismiss why someone who is generally seen as a really genuine guy who gets the butt end of the stick. The honest man gets peace of mind, the dishonest man gets ahead. Lately, terming yourself the "nice guy" gets you a lot of flak because some how its been attributed an extremely negative connotation. The connotation I'm describing is the belief that people who are nice are only doing so because of their ultimate ulterior motive to lay with anyone they are nice to. It assumes that their actions are purely manipulative and that they expect an actionreward sort of relationship out of people. I think this is a rude oversimplification of nice guys. In actuality, these people just have a faith in people's integrity. They are the ones that are sure to be quick and helpful about repaying a favor when someone does them a kindness. These people aren't morons thoughthey don't assume sexual attraction to be a favor (as pop-culture would tell you). The issue at play is that they are not exactly socially well-rounded, so when they become involved with a girl in a platonic manner emotional attachment comes easily and quickly. This attachment only grows as the girl sees them as a closer friend because of how much time they spend together and how many favors the guy is willing to perform for them (the notorious "such a great friend" line). Meanwhile, because of the nature of attraction, the man's constant desire to please is sure to seat him in the also highly stigmatized "friendzone." So the situation that arises is the man unawares finds himself with a woman whom he thought a strong bond of companionship and mutual feelings was blossoming when in fact she has not the slightest romantic interest in him. The man isn't expecting to hit a favor quota and receive the adoration of his adoredhe is simply deluded into the idea that the more time he spends with her, the more she will realize or have the chance to realize that he is the one she has truly loved all along. Generalizing him as an asshole who is only interested in women for sex won't help him shake his fairy tale mindset. People assume he only had sexual interests from the start, which I don't believe is true. They then instantly shame him for even having those interests which only furthers the problem. So reddit, change my view tl;dr: nice guys are confused or naive individuals that need a wake up call, not conniving manipulating assholes that deserve to be ostracized. (Bracing myself for ad hominem) Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!