(To udragoon893 who decided it would be a good idea to send me a message with the title "transphobic" and content of only "dick I'm not sure what your intent was. The whole point of my CMV was to change my admittedly narrow views on trans issues to be a better friend to my friend. If I am transphobic, what are actual transphobic people like? Maybe in a few years after you're hopefully a little more mature and better capable of forming complete sentences, you'll realize throwing the words "dick" or "transphobic" at people won't accomplish much.) I have a friend who came out to me as a transwoman recently and I really would like to change my view. She's about 40 years old with broad shoulders, a square jaw lots of men would envy, square chin, no hips. When she came out her wife ran away with their baby back to a country in SE Asia. While I do think that it's very sad that her wife ran away, I don't think she could have really expected fidelity from someone who thought she had married a man. I've been trying to change my view by looking at transgender subreddits to convince myself that my friend can one day become the woman she wants to be on the outside, but it hasn't really been helping. A lot of the transwomen on reddit look like men who dress up like women on Halloween for laughs. Yet the comments are oftentimes very coddling and says things like "You are gorgeous! I thought you were cis! You have such amazing long legs!" Do these transwomen ever really feel like women, truly? Even the ones that transition to the point of passing look vey artificial from what I've seen. Very obvious nose job, boob job, etc. I want them to be happy as I want my friend to be happy, but I just feel like our pretending to think they really look like women is more harmful than not, since there are less supportive people out there who will crush their elevated sense of looking like a passable woman. I don't know what I'm supposed to say when my friend tells me about how she would like to go on dates with cis men who don't have a fetish for transwomen. It all just seems so hypocritical to me for her to only want cis men. I would say my male friends are all very open minded but when I asked if they'd be open to dating trans women, they all said they wouldn't even if they were completely passable on the outside. Only one friend with a self proclaimed fetish for "completely passable women with dick" said he would date trans women. Yet my trans friend thinks it would be possible for her to find a completely average hetero cis man for her to be in a relationship with. I am obviously no scientist, but would it perhaps be easier to fix whatever it is that's causing them to feel like they don't belong in their own bodies rather than contorting and mutilating what they do have? Like how depressed people can take medicine for depression instead of killing themselves or how some unfortunate people with pedophilia can chemically castrate themselves to snip the urges. (I am in no way saying trans people are like pedophiles.) I've helped with clothes shopping and done makeup on my friend and she has been taking hormones without a prescription for a while now, but apart from her longer hair and slightly pudgier physique it's all looking very hopeless. Of course I never tell her that. Please help me change my view. Edit: These thoughts are what I want to change: -To stop having the urge to want to separate transwomen and cis women. They should all be women, because it really isn't hurting me to think in that way and it seems that's what trans women want: to be treated and seen as regular ol' women. The term cis even sounds derogatory to me. I wish I could just be called a woman, so I'd imagine trans women would also just want to be called women as well. -To stop excusing hetero cis men who say they would never be with transwomen, if it's really as bad as someone saying they would never be with a certain race of people, etc. My current thinking is that cis men have the right to only want cis women as their mates without being called transphobic, since attraction unfortunately isn't in the mind but physical and biological as well. It's all intermingled. If a cis man is in search of a woman with whom he would hope to eventually have biological children, then I especially don't think he can be regarded as being transphobic. I mention cis men and not cis women because I do think that within our society (I live in the US), women are socially "allowed" to be more fluid and I know many cis women who have dated transmen or have said they're open to the idea of dating one.