My mother came to this country with two kids, no money and couldn't speak a word in English. We originally lived in a roach infested apartment in a not-so-great neighborhood. She worked night and day in a factory equivalent to a sweat shop for minimum wage. She moved up the ranks to become manager, with that, we managed to move to a better neighborhood and afford a car after three years in America. Soon after she started a business and we were able buy a summer house. Six years later, we moved again to an actual house and bought another car. She still works day and night, even on weekends. During this adventure, she only needed welfare for the first six months we moved to America. Now for my part, seeing my mother work this hard, it inspired me. I got a job as soon as I was of age and it only took me a week. I worked hard and got a few raises, several dollars above the minimum wage. I left the job when I started to attend college but worked other small jobs here and there. When I needed money again, I went out looking and again I got a job within a week doing deliveries. I worked hard and received raises, earning a bit more than double the minimum wage. When I looked for internships in my field, I got one within one month (with no connections). My entire family and friends have similar stories to my mother and I. We worked hard and got what we deserved. Yet, people are still on welfare and in the same position for couple of years. Some have no intent of making better of themselves. When we were broke, I got robbed by someone who had better shoes than me and I only had a dollar on me. I have no sympathy to anyone who doesn't apply themselves. Why should I pay for their leisure? Some apply for welfare when they have kids. Why should I pay for their kids when I'm waiting to be financially fit to afford them while they just didn't use a condom or think of the consequences? We all went to the same schools and had the same opportunities, yet I get punished for succeeding when others haven't even tried? I go to school two hours away from me and some people aren't willing to do 30 min commutes. From my point of view, the world doesn't owe anybody a goddamn thing. CMV