The idea of the basic income is that the government pays every citizen of the country a sum of money that is just enough to live on. This payment is completely unconditional, apart from the requirement to be a citizen of the country. It would replace much of the current welfare system, including pensions, unemployment benefits and tax credits. It is similar in concept to the negative income tax proposed by, among others, Milton Friedman. Although it would be expensive, there are a number of possibilities for funding it. You could introduce a land value tax, more taxes on negative externalities such as carbon dioxide emissions, or a financial transaction tax; alternatively, you could just raise income tax so on average people are paying the same amount in increased taxes that is paid as basic income (this would mean that the poor pay less then they get out and the rich pay more than they get out). The system itself has a number of advantages over our current ones: It avoids the "unemployment trap" where going into work does not make much more money than staying on benefits. Any job would always pay better than no job, as the salary would come in addition to the basic income, rather than replacing it. It gives workers more bargaining power, as they are not forced to take poorly paid jobs in bad conditions. Companies would either have to improve the conditions or pay of these jobs, or automate them. It puts the employer and the employee on a more equal footing in negotiating pay and conditions. It would allow companies to automate more jobs and reduce resistance to automation, which would increase efficiency in the economy and ultimately lead to more wealth being created. It would also help to deal with the possibility of technological unemployment, where output increases but the number of people employed does not. It would allow people to survive while doing unprofitable work full-time. Things like open-source software development or volunteer work would increase as people wouldn't have to spend time going to a job in order to survive. It could increase innovation by decreasing the risks involved in starting a business. Having an constant income while building up a business which isn't yet profitable, It will reduce bureaucracy involved with benefits, and make the system a lot simpler. It would mean that the minimum wage could potentially be reduced or even eradicated, , which would give companies more freedom in terms of wages and help growth. However, as people wouldn't be forced to get a job, they'd have to make the conditions sufficiently good that people want the low wage job, which would help to prevent exploitation. I haven't heard that many arguments against it, but it seems quite unknown as a policy. So CMV! (note: I'm from the UK if that's an important point) Relevant articles: EDIT: I am going to sleep and won't be replying to comments until I get up - I haven't abandoned the thread!