From Mike Rowe's recent AMA to posts on rpersonalfinance, I see more and more redditors advising their peers to forego college and pursue a certification in a trade. I think this is generally bad advice: not because I think that no one should go into the skilled trades, but because 1.) I think most people aren't cut out for a trade career, and 2.) the stable income one can earn as a skilled tradesman is maintained by the scarcity of skilled tradesmen. To expand: Skilled trade jobs are hard, physical work: I come from a family of roofers, and live in an area that has been experiencing constant new home construction since the early '90s. My father was a satellite TV installer back when a satellite dish would take up most of your back yard, and a TVtelephone installer after that. Most of my (older) family members have had major knee, back, and hip surgeries in their 40s and 50s, and many have sustained life-altering or career-ending injuries. Physically, I would never have been able to pursue a career in the 'family business' (I'm a skinny dude), and I think it's better to work 40 years and retire with your body mostly intact than work 25-30 years and retire because you've destroyed your body and physically can't work any more. It's going to be a long time (possibly never) until skilled trades are 'respected'. I'm sure many people don't care how society views their career, and would laugh in the face of someone who denigrates their job while making substantially less money. That said: there will always be some people who look down on the 'dirty jobs', and some people who avoid those jobs because of it. I don't think income level alone will be enough to legitimize certain careers at certain levels of society. I'm not saying it's right: I'm saying it's a reality. Some people will always balk at marrying a sewage technician, even if that sewage technician is making 100k. (The Big One) The only reason the skilled trades are well-paid is because they are scarce. We will always need contractors, plumbers, electricians, and welders; but we only need so many. In the '70s, everyone was advising young people to go into medicine. In the '80s, everyone was advising young people to go into law. In the '90s, everyone was advising young people to go into technology and computers. Look at the job prospects of those fields today. Medicine is still well-paid, but only because it takes a decade (and hundreds of thousands of dollars) to become a doctor. Starting lawyers are earning 40k, after accruing 100k in law school debt. Information Technology grads have a higher unemployment rate than Theater or English majors. Any field that experiences a rapid influx of credentialed professionals suffers from depressed wages and high unemployment. If young people take the oft-proffered advice and enter the skilled trades: their experience is going to be worse. It takes much less time, money, and (please don't be mad at me for saying so) intellectual rigor to become certified as a skilled tradesman than it does to become a doctor, lawyer, or computer scientist. By the same token ... Wages and working conditions in the skilled trades have been protected by unionization, which is ever-diminishing. The trajectory of unions in the US has been sad and getting sadder for decades. Unions are the weakest today that they've been since before the Gilded Age. An influx of newly credentialed tradesmen, desperate for work in an increasingly saturated market, will lead to fewer union-affiliated workers. As union membership decreases, wages will fall. With Right-to-Work laws in a majority of US states, unions will lose power and skilled trade jobs will go to the lowest bidders - skilled trades will no longer provide a middle-class income. A college degree is still a worthwhile investment. Statistically, a college degree is worth somewhere between 800k to 1.2m over the course of a working career. Even if a student takes out 32k in loans (the average for a college graduate), that investment returns many, many times over the course of a career. An investment that provides a very real monetary return while affording the graduate a less physically-demanding career with greater social recognition seems like a good investment to me. Today, as it stands, few people enter the skilled trades because they are physically difficult and because they don't garner the level of social respect that the so-called 'white collar' careers attain. For the people who still choose the skilled trades - this is good news. It means that their wages are better and they can use their scarcity of labor to control their pay and working conditions. Further, it means that young people who are inherently suited for the skilled trades (because of family background, physical prowess, andor difficulty with traditional education) have the opportunity to earn a comfortable living in a skilled trade. Encouraging many people who wouldn't have considered entering the skilled trades on their own volition to make that choice will depress wages and discourage those who could have earned a university degree (which would have been a better investment) to enter a lower-paying and more physically-destructive career. Skilled tradesmen are benefitting from the scarcity of employees in their fields. Let's allow them to keep that scarcity, encourage those who can excel in college to pursue a degree, and encourage everyone to pursue the field that best suits their abilities: not the one that will earn the most money. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!