The banality of evil is a phrase coined by Hannah Arendt that describes evil as not necessarily actively malicious but rather as a result of ignorance, selfishness, negligence, and absolving oneself of responsibility. For more information refer to this: It is incredibly easy to fall victim to fundamental attribution error and victim blaming. I believe that some extremely wealthy people and regular people subscribe to cognitively biased views that poor people are lazy. I think that wealthy people neglect the frankly horrific suffering that others go through not necessarily out of malice, but just ignorance. The notorious fabled response of Marie Antoinette when told that the poor people are starving because they don't have bread to eat was "let them eat cake" not realizing that cake is a luxury for people like herself. She wasn't necessarily sarcastic or wanted the poor to suffer, but rather couldn't conceive of their plight. The phrase "first world problems" is another symptom of not having a broad enough perspective on what real and more difficult problems that other people face and believing that the relatively trivial problem you have is significant. I think that many (not all) people who are better off just don't want to think about the severe problems that others have. They step over the homeless, they resign themselves that starvation and disease and violence in third world countries cannot be solved and don't try to solve them, they blame the poor for being poor instead of realizing that wealth is a large product of luck. They focus on their own problems, like what color their sports car should be and how it will reflect on their reputation, or if they're like Marie Antoinette, what kind of cake they should eat, which is natural. For this specific view, I'm not claiming or proposing any one solution, or type of government, or political view is superior to another or can solve the problem (though you are free to try and prescribe solutions in your responses and I will consider them, though I may not agree). I'm also not claiming that any of society's problems are easy to solve. I'm merely conceptualizing why people believe what they believe and how it leads to societal problems in my current view. CMV.