I want to start this off by saying I'm 100 clear on the way things are always done in court. If someone pleads not guilty, a trial will go ahead, but in some situations pleading guilty is enough to pretty much close the case. This post has been inspired by the recent event of Ian Watkins (lead singer of Lostprophets) who has pleaded guilty to a number of sex crimes, and while I may be referring to that, I'm talking about the general concept NOT Ian Watkins specifically (I believe the evidence is clear enough). But it got me thinking. We already know that some lawyers tell their clients to plead guilty in certain situations because the time and money it will take to prove their innocence is not worth it. For example, a girl who was caught transporting cocaine from a country in Europe to the UK and, it could have taken over 2 years for her trial to actually take place, so she pleaded guilty because her sentence was only about 3 years anyway. Another situation in which pleading guilty could lose credibility is if someone is going through an incredibly difficult time between being accused and the trial process, to the point of mental corruption and a false sense of guilt. I suppose it would be rare for the accused to be completely innocent, but perhaps exaggerated convictions. Imagine the stress of everyone you love turning against you when you're innocent, over time, in prison, perhaps on suicide watch, and how that might effect someone and make them own up to a crime they didn't commit. Another, perhaps less common, example is someone taking the blame for someone else to get into jail. I doubt this is really believed that often, but if two people are involved in something, and one of them actually wants to go to prison (there are people out there) or simply choose to take the blame. TL;DR I believe pleading guilty shouldn't cancel any trials due to three possibilities. One, pleading guilty for less trouble. Two, due to mental corruption and an induced sense of guilt. Three, someone owning up to something to either take the blame or because they simply want to. I feel that this is explained a lot better in my head, and perhaps I didn't express it well enough, which is frustrating. Feel free to ask questions to clarify this.