DISCLAIMER; This is not saying that democracy or capitalism or inheritance are fundamentally bad; just that, in certain configurations, monarchy would be better. Think about the average person. What is their relation to royalty, if they live in a monarchy? They probably won't meet them, and if they do it will be a passing thing. The monarch makes all the rules and takes some of the peasants stuff so they can maintain their lavish lifestyle and military and so forth. The monarch protects the people so they can keep making more stuff to take. One day, the monarch will die, and their kid takes over the family business of being monarch. Now consider capitalism, unchecked. It's all fine and well to say "Well, this is America. Anyone can make it!" And, without a doubt, there have been a lot of success stories. But they are the (extremely rare) exception, not the rule. Anyone that says persistence and hard work are all it takes to succeed is kidding themselves. Rich parents pass their wealth and advantage on to their children. Better schools, a better quality of life than other people, the ability to survive longer on the parents dime so they can take unpaid internships to get better training to get better jobs, everything a rich parent does can set their child up to become richer and more powerful still. As their wealth, and thus power, grows, they influence policy. Soon, they're lobbying to elect politicians and influence public opinion, altering foreign policy. See where this is headed? Effectively, monarchy. Capitalism teaches us that accumulation of wealth is the ultimate goal. Wealth, being variable but finite, must therefore be transferred or kept from someone else in order to get it; therefore, it tends to concentrate. And "the rich get richer," as they say; wealth accumulates and concentrates more and more, until you have fewer and fewer people making policy and controlling land, money, etc. The logical terminus is a single family controlling everything; effectively, monarchy. So how is this worse? Because they got there (albeit slowly) on the idea that profit is of paramount importance. At the very least, some historical monarchs believed that their job was to care for and protect the people. They felt an obligation to them. But a family, or even a dozen families, that effectively control a country because they care only about profit would have no such sense of loyalty. You might easily say "Well, capitalism allows for competition. We can get rid of bad companies, or families, by competition, or just not buy their stuff." Well, not really. First, how many people actually know which companies own what, which families control what? Not many. For another, competition becomes impractical after a point; try starting an ISP, or a car company, or a petrochemical company. Not buying stuff? That's more valid. The people can collectively rise up and overthrow those with unjust power. Of course, we can do the same in a monarchy; it's called revolution. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!