While I was still going to public school in America, most of my history classes focused more on the Declaration of Independence, rather than the Constitution. We focused so much on it, I thought that the Declaration of Independence was the most important document America ever had. While it definitely isn't unimportant, the DoI was more a list of reasons why the King of England sucked and why they wanted independence as their own nation. The Constitution, however, is the backbone to how America is run, far more relevant to modern American life than the Declaration. Granted, 1st and 2nd graders might not fully understand what the Constitution is and it's easier to teach the Declaration to them, but I think that 4th and 5th graders would definitely be able to understand the basics of the Constitution, Bill of Rights and amendments, perhaps even 3rd graders. The Declaration is great for when you want to teach kids about the Revolutionary War. However, there's not much of a need to spend so much time on it, since, in my opinion, it's just not as relevant to American life as the Constitution. While it's important, it's more important to teach about history that had a bigger impact on today's world. The Constitution is a prime example for American life, since it's still being used and referenced all the time today! When was the last time you heard of the Declaration of Independence in the mainstream news? Okay, Nicholas Cage stole it in a movie once, but other than that, nothing much. The Constitution is constantly in the news, however, and in order for any of the branches of government to do anything, they have to look up the Constitution to see if it's okay. I think that if we teach American kids early on what the Constitution is, they're more likely to know how the law actually works, how the country is run and the actual intent the Founding Fathers had for America. They might also become more interested in politics in their adult lives, since they would actually know how the American government is structured. Plus, with the Constitution, it would also help teach students how America changed over time, and what the values and standards were for American people living a hundred or two hundred years ago. It might even get them to debate amongst themselves if they agree with parts of the Constitution or not, and it's important for kids to learn how to properly have a debate and not just a bunch of angry arguments. Most of the kids I know can barely name any amendments, except for like freedom of speech (and they seem to be under the impression that freedom of speech means that you can say whatever you want and shouldn't have to have any social repercussions for it), right to guns and women's suffrage. It's almost like they only take the time to learn about the Constitution when they need to win an argument. Now, my "generation," for lack of a better word, is still young and we haven't really fully developed into adults yet, but how can a country be functional if the people don't know how their Constitution works, including the parts they don't like about it? TL;DR: Kids would benefit more from learning about the Constitution at an early age rather than the Declaration of Independence. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!