Yes you pay a bit of a premium, but you get what you pay for. I'm a technical user but only order Macs for the following reasons. 1. Mac OS X. It's much simpler than Windows 7 and 8 and I just prefer it for an OS because I've found it to be more reliable. Yes, I realize you can run OS X through a Hackintosh PC, but it's never as reliable as Mac computers, plus you can't really update reliably. Or at least it wasn't several years ago, I don't know about now. Plus it seems to be more efficient. I'm typing this on a 4 year old late 2008 MacBook Pro. It still feels as fast as the day I got it. Meanwhile, my Windows performance has slowed down. 2. Customer service. You order a Windows PC from Best Buy and when you go in to get it serviced, they tell you to fuck off or charge you an absurd fee. They even charge you to look at your computer. Apple has great customer service. Not only are they great at replacing things under warranty, but they check out your computer free of charge even if it's out of warranty. Recently, my motherboard failed. On any other computer, it would have been a death sentence, but Apple offered to refurbish it for 300. Not only did they replace my motherboard, but they replaced my keyboard that had a few loose keys, my faulty disc drive, my battery, my RAM, a dent in the body (I did have to hassle them for this bc they wanted to charge me extra and wouldn't fix anything without fixing the dent), and my trackpad for the same price. 3. Build quality. I'm not a fan of the plastic design of many computers nowadays. I love the unibody design, it just feels solid. 4. AccessoriesParts. It's easy to order replacement parts and accessories for a Mac. I easily found a new AC adapter and a new battery through Amazon. Meanwhile, it was a nightmare trying to find a decent AC adapter for my older Toshiba laptop. One of the ones I ordered almost caught on fire when I tried to plug in an S-Video cable. 5. Processing power. The Macs on the market now has as much, if not more, processing power than the top of the line PC's out now. Yes you pay a premium, but you gain the other benefits I mentioned above. 6. Reliability Knock on wood, I've had fewer issues with this computer than any other computer I've had. Like I said, really the only issue in 4 years is a motherboard failure, which is pretty good considering it's used constantly and carried around in a backpack. And if you search around or order from the refurb store (which I tend to do), you pay even less of a premium. Look [here] . This is a 2 year old model, but it's still as powerful as many new laptops for a significant discount and all the benefits I mentioned above. By all means, prove me wrong and change my view, I'm curious to hear your thoughts.