I really get upset when bicyclists ride in the road when a perfectly good sidewalk is available. Im not talking about areas where there are tons of store front and allyways parking lots that are blocked (or not easily visable). So many times I see some one riding on the road in high traffic areas and force everyone to stop slow down or go around some one going 20mph in a 35 or 40mph zone. It ridiculous. - I know its against the law in a lot of places but in most cases the sidewalk is a perfectly fine place to ride that causes no one any inconveniences. I travel a certain road every day that has the highest amount of nonhighway traffic in the area and I always see traffic slow downs caused by people on bikes riding in the road. Theres a perfectly good sidewalk with almost no foot traffic ever. On this same road an entire group of bikers, about 7 or 8, taking an entire lane and barley moving along in a 35mph zone and traffic was backed up as far down the road I could see. - I know people are going to say "people pulling out of the driveways and businesses arentnlooking at the sidewalk. Thats your job too. They should be, yes, but so should you. - "the sidewalk is often uneven and bumpy." If a sidewalk is extremely dilapidated, sure, I can agree with you. But thats not the case most of the time. - if you cant do the speed limit you shouldnt be on that road. - the vast majority of people on bikes I see never huge the shoulder. - they dont follow normal traffic laws: red lights and stop signs - my bottom line view point: bikes riding in the road in large busy cities with lots of foot traffic and store fronts are fine but other than that should have to ride on sidewalks. If you can use a sidewalk, and dont, I think youre an asshole regardless of whether or not its against the law. Theres no way I would ever be that inconsiderate to hundreds of other people in cars because "its against the law to ride on a sidewalk" or you just want to ride in the road because its "nicer" and simply because "you can" Thats all I can think of at the moment. Edit: with the amount of people texting and talking on phones, why the hell would you wamt to risk being infront of or next to them. Since you have to ride with traffic you cant see the distracted people coming up behind you. If cars are supposed to have insurance for driving on the road, why shouldnt bikes if theyre riding on the road too. They can damage your vehicle by running into it too. If cars are supposed to hsve certain safty features in order to drive why can bicyclists ride without them?