I want to focus on lyrics in this thread. I have plenty of issues with the other aspects of the horrible songs that get routinely churned out of Radio 1 (probably the most popular radio station in the UK), but I find lyrics more conducive to discussion than melody or harmony. I listen to Radio 1 every day between 7:30am and 8:30am and between 4pm and 5pm. Not because I choose to, but because the person who drives me to work does (and as driver, it's fair enough that she can choose to listen to what she wants). As a result, I have had to listen to the most vacuous, derivative, leg-gnawingly obnoxious garbage the putrid pop industry has to offer. I can't seem to find it on Google, but there's a song that sounds vaguely like Daft Punk's irritating "technologic," but this one is even worse. It goes "work it, bring it, play it bitch; work it, bring it, bitch; work it, bring it, play it bitch." Lyrically, this song seems to have been thought up in about 5 minutes by a bored hormonal teenager. What exactly are we meant to enjoy about lyrics like that? You may argue that the lyrics aren't the focus or the point of the song: but in which case: why have them at all? Or why not use the song as a chance to explore the depths of the beautiful and varied English language? A string of nonsentical words and phrases would be more interesting to listen to than this tripe. Then there's the bafflingly popular 'Uptown Funk' by Bruno Mars and that guy who seems to use the same brass riff in all of his songs. Crass, self-masturbatory garbage where the singer pretty much spends the entire song telling us how cool and how hot he is, and how much he likes to party. Seriously? The UK's number 1 song is yet another arrogant twerp telling us about how much he likes to party? Can we just accept that most people like to party and move on from this lyrical theme? Why do we have to be told again and again - song after song - that people are enjoying themselves in the club, all night long? Do these brain-dead pop puppets have anything interesting to say about parties that hasn't been said a million times since the 70s? Every singly 'partyclub' song seems to be just: I'm really hot You're really hot This partyclub is awesome Is it even possible to be more boring than this? Who enjoys being told these simple ideas day in, day out, by thousands of narcissistic pop morons? Now we come to the songs about love. Love has been a perfectly valid subject for poetry and art since the days of Catullus. Along with sex and death, it's a massive part of human experience. So how have these pompous pop pretzels managed to reduce it to lyrics so dull and formulaic that they could have been written by a computer program? Rita Ora, Charlie XCX, Elli Goulding, Taylor Swift... every day we listen to the same people saying the exact same things about the exact same subject. Love and sex are intensely deep and complex aspects of the human experience. Why doesn't anyone have anything new or interesting to say about it? HOWEVER: There is one exception. Currently the only song played on Radio 1 at the moment with vaguely decent lyrics is 'Take me to Church' by a singer named Hozier. He's still singing about love, but the lyrics are absolutely head and shoulders over the vomit spewed out by the Nicki Minajs and Jessie Js of the pop genre. [Check the lyrics out] . Finally, a pop artist played on Radio 1 with something fresh and interesting to say about love! Some excellent social critique of the antiquated restrictions of organised religion, and a wittily-expressed comparison between devotion to a deity and devotion to another human. "Take me to church I'll worship like a dog at the shrine of your lies I'll tell you my sins and you can sharpen your knife Offer me that deathless death Good God, let me give you my life" Can you, with a straight face, tell me that lyrics like that aren't (almost comically) superior to drivel like: "We're staying all night We never slow down I think we better do it like we're doing it now It's been a long time Since we've been around So come on, let's keep doing it like we're doing it Doing it like we're doing it" ? Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!