What happened to Eric Garner was a horrible tragedy. But I don't blame the NYPD for it. Occasionally a cop goes insane and does something like this. The NYPD commissioner seems to be on Garner's side, and many officers have said that what the police officer did was not protocol and was wrong. But the police can't know if an officer will do something that goes completely against his training. The truth is the NYPD has been very good in racial issues and keeping crime low. Stop and frisk may seem to be contrary to that, but that was a policy that told the police to go into poor (black) neighborhoods and frisk people. This was not a decision made by the police. The problem with the Garner case is the justices system's failure to indite Eric Garner's murderer. Pantaleo murdered Eric Garner. There isn't really any question about this. He did not follow police protocol and attacked a man with his hands in the air and killed him as he begged to breathe. Pantaleo deserves to go to trial, for at least manslaughter if not first degree murder. There is no reasonable doubt or any question of what happened like there was in the Micheal Brown case. With Micheal Brown there was a lack of evidence and conflicting reports, so we can't know and therefore can't prosecute. But in the Garner case there was no question. We know what happened. My only conclusion from this is that the grand jury had a majority of either incredibly racist people or people who were incredibly loyal to the police for no reason. I believe that to fix this problem we need to stop using grand juries to decide whether or not to indite. They have proven themselves to be a horrible tool. Instead we should use a panel of judges, or just go to trial immediately when the evidence is this overwhelming. (EDIT: maybe not go to trial immediately. My main call is for a change in the process. I do not necessarily have the change needed.) The reason I want my view changed is that I'd like the believe that our system isn't horribly unjust. But all evidence says that it is. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!