I can't help but think there are people out there that say that "Yes, they should be burning down businesses and attacking police in BaltimoreFerguson." To me, this kind of violent disobedience is counterproductive to any kind of movement. How is the black community as a whole helped in any way by the burning down of local businesses? or looting? or attacking police? Its obvious that the Police and the judicial system are not perfect systems and biases exist but I have never seen a riot from predominately white people burning down entire sections of town. Actually, now that I think of it, I take that back, the G8 riots in Seattle, and some sports champion riots are examples of this. 1) Is violent disobedience an effective and appropriate way to change an abusive system? If so, is it called for in Baltimore? My view: No 2) Is the judicial system in America really that biased? Don't police commit abuse towards whites, asians, and other races equally? My view: Yes but only african americans react as strongly. 3) Is this an issue that relates more to economics than race? My view: Probably, but I haven't seen that proven either. I heard it reported that the Nation of Islam is taking credit for bringing together several rival gangs in Baltimore and uniting them against the police. If this isnt just media over-sensitization, then what could the goal possibly be of the Nation of Islam other than to bring about the destruction of the current social system? In other words, war in the streets. EDIT: Some people are giving me shit because they think this is a troll post. They are saying "Obviously, no one is going to argue for violence." But people ARE! That's why there are people in the streets tonight in Baltimore. They are saying "Violence is the only answer to make things better."And what I am asking is, is there a place in our democracy where violence is the appropriate force for change? I think not. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!