Before you downvote me, please hear me out and try to CMV with a well articulated comment. I would like to keep this a civil discussion without resorting to shutting people up with downvotes. I will try to explain my opinion. WARNING: looong rant ahead. I first watched Breaking Bad. I've never been into TV shows since they tend to be time consuming and (IMO) tend to appeal to a broader audience, but since everyone told me to watch it I did. There are definitely some high points in the show: Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul and Giancarlo Esposito gave terrific performances, and without them I think the show would not have had the success it had. Gus' arc is IMO the peak of the show, with Gus' back story and general awesomeness. The other characters though, feel irrelevant and without much to offer. There is the cop who conveniently discovers Heisenberg's identity on the toilet, his wife who is just... There, and the same goes for Walter's son. Skylar is a hypocrite and exists only to judge others from her morality horse. The other villains are forgettable and the psycho that appears towards the end of the show is a convenient plot device to kill Jesse's love interest and doesn't have any interesting trait. He's completely unidimensional. In the end, the series felt like an action movie with a few interesting characters and some pretty good cinematography, but nothing mind blowing. I still liked it though and I can see why people like it but if this is considered the best TV show ever, then I question TV shows' quality. Now for Game of Thrones: I didn't read the books nor do I intend to unless it's significantly better than the show. I will try to keep my cool but I really DESPISE this show. I feel about it the same way I feel about Attack On Titan (yes, I hate that one too): interesting premise, terrible characters and pacing, and lots of CHEAP. SHOCK. VALUE. The show always goes for the most shocking outcomes for the sake of shock value. People praise this show for being unpredictable and killing off anyone without distinction. Yet all the people who die are COMPLETE FUCKING IDIOTS and their deaths feel forced to avoid, god forbid, that the story might start getting going. When the Stark guy knows the King's wife has an incestous affair and suspects her to have tried to kill a fucking child, the guy who loves his wife tells him not to trust him and his daughter tells him about people wanting him DEAD he just claims the Iron Throne without considering that maybe, just MAYBE, he could get arrestedkilled. He could singlehandedly fix the corruption of the South, or at least try to while others tried to kill him, but we can't have that, now can we? The story must keep not going anywhere. If his death could have been at least plausible then it would have been okay. Then there is the dragon girl, who gets married to someone she doesn't love, is raped and then just falls in love with him. Dafuq, Stockholm's syndrome maybe? And at the end of season 3 we have other Starks dying because they're complete fools. Marrying another woman when you have already promised to marry the daughter of a powerful ally sure is a bright move, Einstein! After that I just dropped the series. It's just like a soap opera, with tons of violence and sex, where characters who are considered "grey" are just flat without any interesting development other than the dwarf (I don't even remember those guys names) and maybe the Stark tomboy little girl and the Stark who is at the Night Watch. There is a woman with an incestous affair with his pretty brother, a king who likes drinking, eating and fucking, a king who's a naive imbecile, a dragon girl with Stockholm's syndrome who becomes a badass cuz DRAGONS, a psychopathic teen king who somehow still hasn't died in 3 seasons, a guy whose penis makes the thinking and dooms his family to death, etc. THIS is considered good TV. If this is the best TV has to offer, then I don't even want to bother watching any more of it. Please try to CMV.