Just a heads up I have been raised into it when I was young, pretty much forced into it not too long, but long enough to know that there's a lot of forced doctrination going on. When you know 22 4 and the Sun rises in the east then people don't need to convince you much, it's only when people want you to think otherwise (aka delusion) is when they employ all sorts of clever techniques to make you believe up is down and forward is backwards. There's just so many things about Islam that scream scam or at least give viable red flags: Islam formed hundreds of years after christianity: red flag Mohammed said Jesus was only a prophet yet he self proclaimed himself as the LAST prophet: red flag Mohammed from what I have heard was poor and uneducated, then married an older RICH JEWISH woman (could possibly had gotten his knowledge of Judaism from there) then married a 9 yr old girl who he consumated the marraige with at 12 (I don't know how people think this is some sort of saving grace, it's not really, even back then) another red flag All the time ad hominem it's always translation translation people shout but it still doesn't do justice to their text even when translated. I tried reading the Quran, the first page is boring as hell and starts off by saying something about them hating the jews there (really dense, so sense of real good writing there just a bunch of unorganized thoughts lumped up together). My personal take is Mohammed was just a guy trying to get by, was poor and decided to swindle people to raise his status and played people like fools and apparently his BS is working till this day. The only reason people in the middle east favor Islam so much is because it's something they tie very heavily into their sense of middle eastern identity coupled with an EXTREME social stigma against dissenting opinions in their culture (that's it really). Always with the "Are you Muslim? Are you Muslim" If I were to tell them the country I was born in, god forbid I tell them I'm not religious, their tone completely changes and they charge me more money as a result (I can't even fathom what they would do if they would think I'm Christian; one person got mad at me because he thought I said I was" Let's not say this doesn't happen because I live in the states and it does (not even in a predominantly Muslim neighborhood) I don't know if a God of any religion is real but I find Islam to be a copy of a copy and as far as religious influential people go I find Mohammed to be the most self serving and manipulative (you don't hear of Buddha doing these things, you don't see him acquiring things and making rules of acquiring things and talking in petty detail about ownership of things of people of women in marriage). My personal opinion is that people who are genuinely Muslim are probably just misinformed (because it's shown that people are generally of the same religion as the countries their born in). But honestly, as far as Mohammed is concerned I find him to be a very creepy, debased and manipulative person (so much so that I think his behavior actually PROMOTES people to hide behind religion; I have seen so many fake instances of people who try to put a muslim front and do all kinds of fucked up things behind closed doors; hell even religious extremist groups like AL Qaeda were found with massive amounts of child porn, it's just rampant over there). [This] is just one example of many. Change my mind if you can, just try, please. As someone who considers themselves Muslim don't you also feel the walls closing in on what logic you hold on to? Really I think time does reveal all truths and unlike selfless religions that promoted peace like Buddhism, Islam is showing its true colors.