Unbeknownst to most feminists and probably the general population, the Feminist movement has succeeded in eradicating the gap between men and women in happiness. While women were on average happier than men in the 70s, reliable data shows that this gap is closing, but also that women nowadays are less happier than 40 years ago. For people eager to find flaws in that study, please refer to the link posted at the bottom. To quote the abstract: The paradox of women's declining relative well-being is found across various datasets, measures of subjective well-being, and is pervasive across demographic groups and industrialized countries. Having had a cursory look at the main body of the study, it seems to be that nobody really knows why. Although the authors do not attempt to provide a definite answer, they list a few possible explanations, among them one that goes something like this: Due to societal change, our conceptions about women's roles have changed. This, in turn, led to rising expectations from women towards their own lives. The modern woman does not only want to be a good mother, but also strives to excel at her job. When these aspirations are not fully realized, these women feel disappointed and as a result unhappy. The authors also note that women in Europe are still happier than men, although this gap is closing as well. So the view I'd like to be challenged is this: The changes which were brought about by feminism have not benefited women. While they earn more than they used to, and have more opportunities to succeed in their life, they have become unhappier. Thus the so-called achievements of feminism should not be regarded as such. Here the study: (the full text can be downloaded as well) edit: Ok, I think this discussion has come to an end. Attempts to change my view have focused mainly on two points: A: My hypothesis as to why happiness is declining is not backed up by enough data, and my claim is therefore weak, as also other factors can be considered. These people have managed to change my views at least partially, by citing the increased exposure to idealized body images which disproportionately targets women as a possible explanation. Still, I maintain that the life satisfaction of women has declined while a group is still claiming to have significantly improved circumstances for females. On the other hand this signifies that maybe some men should not complain so much and get in arms about feminism as having a negative impact on their lives. B: The second line of argument was to debate whether life satisfaction is a valid metric to assess whether societal improvements have been made for this group. It has especially been mentioned that the decline in happiness might only be temporary, and an almost necessary step towards the full attainment of feminist goals. First awareness needs to be established and only afterwards the desired equality can be reached. This did not manage to sway me. I continue to think that life satisfaction is a better metric than the more commonly used materialistic metrics such as wealth, or access to power. Until the feminist movement actually succeeds in reversing this trend, I remain skeptical. In conclusion, I think that if my theory is right, we have to applaud feminism for achieving their goal of equality at least in one aspect. Good night Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!