While I understand that this view is far from unpopular. I really worry that such "mock others" subreddits host irresponsible teenagers and the egotistical "euphoric atheists" (we all know the stereotype) and other people with a superiority complex to look down onput down others. They try to evoke a feeling of superiority by insulting easy targets. Socially unintelligent people, or people who have had an awkward moment caught on video. Comments like "why are you even alive" "kill yourself" "you are a waste of dna" often appear on a video posted on rcringe. You know these sorts of comments? Ego-centric. Belittling. Of course there are issues with the internet at large. But there should be awareness of how obviously irresponsible this sort of behaviour is. Teenagers putting down others and thinking they are superior is not new. It's not even just teenagers. Subreddits that I believe fit this category include: - rfacepalm - rcringe - rcringepics (Can anyone think of any other subreddits like these? That are sort of based on putting people down?) It's a forum for bullying. It's a forum for a feeling of "I'm so much smarter and cooler" than these people. I know circlejerk had a post a while back saying "upvote to rename rcringe to rbullying." This being my rant. Now feel free to point out some positives. Point out some benefits of having subreddits like these around. Shed some rays of sunlight in the dark clouds that I currently think these subreddits are. Edit Since the title is a definitive (pointed out by user atalkingfish, the real request is in the sentences directly above this one. One of my hopes for this post is that it not only raises awareness that this is happening but also promotes some discussion about it. How to view this subculture. What are our responsibilities in discouraging this - Do the advantages outweigh the disadvantages? People of course are also looking for a strong case as to why this is harmless, less of a problem than we think. This is what changemyview is about. So continue to challenge my view. Thanks! Edit 2 I'd just like to share this: "Laughing at others can be harmless if it is dealt with responsibly with good moderators. And I believe the moderators on rcringe are some of the best. They are trying really hard to not let their subreddit go to shit at the hands of... cyber bullies-to-be?" In doing so I'd love to commend some of the posts on rcringe I've seen that raise awareness that this behaviour is not okay. This isn't meant to be attack on the subreddit's moderators at all. They (and other users) are doing a fucking great job. Here are some examples: - - -