This is Mod post 43. You can read the previous Mod Post by clicking [here] , or by visiting the [Mod Post Archive] in our wiki. Six months ago we held [our first call for users to submit their best tips and advice for making an argument] , and collected dozens of tips, some of which were [added to our Wiki] . Now that we've started a new year, and have grown to over 100,000 subscribers, we and uhowbigis1gb think this is a good time to revisit the art of persuasion to help everyone become better at making arguments and changing views. Our last post focused on how to make a good argument, and we want to hear your best tips on that for this post, too. This time, however, we'd also like to focus on persuasion and how to reach someone who isn't comfortable with changing their view. We've come up with some issues that we think are worth discussing: 1. Are are there any techniques that are good for persuasion, but that are usually ignored because they're considered invalid for formal debate? (EG: appeals to authority.) 2. How do you persuade someone to abandon a popular view? 3. How can you make it easier for someone to consider a controversial view? 4. How can you tell if someone is reluctant to change their view, or has no intention of changing their view? 5. What are the ways people do change their views? (EG: logic, anecdotes, historical examples, counseling, etc.) Which seem to work best? 6. What are some of the approaches you've seen backfire and cause someone to hunker-down deeper in their view? 7. How do you handle someone using a logical fallacy? (EG: name and shame, ignore and move on, etc.) 8. Do logical fallacies always invalidate someone's argument? 9. What was the best debate or spoken argument you ever saw, and did it change your view? (Link to YouTube if you can) Feel free to comment with your opinions on any of these questions, andor to cite examples of where certain techniques worked well or didn't work well. And if anyone has any other good questions to consider, we can append it to the list. If we get a good set of ideas and tips in this thread, we may incorporate some of the ideas here into our wiki.