I really don't care what team he bats for, and i don't wanna know. Everyone preaches equality... but nobody would care about him if he was straight. Dude's a 7th round pick, until he does something significant, can we treat him equally like all other 7th round picks and ignore him? Manziel is a Heisman winner, Clowney went 1. Sam..... what's he actually accomplished? If I were a GM I would hesitate to draft him, not because he's gay, but because he attracts a lot of undue attention, without the proportional amount of on field impact (see: tebow). Okay, I get it, he's "breaking barriers" as the first gay NFL player... cool, good for him, this was a story about 3 months ago. Same with Jason Collins, a marginal talent who struggled to make a roster getting undue hype. Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier AND was actually good (MVP, All-Star, Steals champ, etc). On top of that, its not like there's been any rule against gay people playing football (statistically, I would guess he isn't even the actual first). Dude was perfectly fine being gay and playing college ball. I doubt any fans cared about who he was in a relationship with. Jason Collins played about 10 years in the league being gay without anyone having any problems. But no, they decided they needed to call a national press conference and announce it to the world that he's gay. you don't see any straight people doing silly shit like calling press conferences to announce themselves straight. it's a publicity stunt, pure and simple. Who you're seeing isn't anyone's business, but these characters seem to find the need to shove it down all our throats (pause s) while at the same time complaining that they aren't being treated fairly. Fast forward a couple months, and what part of this is actually news? Nothing. He actually got drafted? cool. what would have been a bigger story, him getting drafted in the 7th round or not being drafted at all? it would have been a huge story either way even though nothing of significance has happened. it was a publicity stunt and I dont believe that crap about him wanting to be known as just a "football player" and not a "gay football player." Son, if that was true, you would have kept your mouth shut and not actively advertised the fact and not decided to use the national media as the platform to come out of the closet. I question why a 7th round pick is the top story on both rnfl and espn.com (with the draft NBANHL playoffs going on) I'm not homophobic and dont have anything against him being gay. my point is that I don't care. Let me paint my point of view for you: I'm a redskins fan; lets go down the list: QB: RG3: SO - Rebecca Liddicoat Griffin (M) RB: ALfred Morris: SO - ??? WR: Pierre Garcon: SO - ??? WR: DeSean Jackson: SO - ??? WR: Santana Moss: SO - ??? LB: Brian Orakpo: SO - ??? LB: Ryan Kerrigan: SO - ??? CB: Deangelo Hall: SO - (M) Only that he's marriedstraight, saw some family vaca pics on IG of the wife kids RB: Clinton Portis: SO - ??? TE: Chris Cooley: SO - ??? FS: Sean Taylor (All-Time Favorite Player): SO - ??? only that he had a GF daughter from the murder reports QB: Peyton Manning (MVP): SO - ??? QB: Tom Brady: SO - Giselse (M) QB: Aaron Rodgers: SO - ??? QB: Andrew Luck: SO - ??? QB: Tony Romo: SO - ??? ex: Jessica SImpson (a big reason why nobody likes Romo outside of DAL, too much extracurricular info and not enough playoff wins app's) RB: Adrian Peterson: SO - ??? .... on and on. Point being, nobody really cares pays attention to who athletes' SOs are (unless they're celebs themselves). We know about RG3 and Rebecca in DMV cause its friggin RG3, Franchise Savior, and literally every skins fan did a thorough background check on him the minute that trade went down, and in the weeks beforeafter. Any one of those ??? people could be gay for all I know. All of them are more accomplished than this dude. What's preventing a gay athlete from keeping his personal life on the DL like 90 of the rest of the league? THAT's what I mean about shoving it down our throats. If you need to come out to your family and friends, fine, go for it, do you. If it comes up in the locker room and a teammate asks, fine, tell them, be yourself and all that. None of that requires setting up interviews and going through the press. If someone you mention to announces it to the press and word gets out, fine, dont deny it, and proceed to do all the interviews. Its the fact that these guys are tooting their own horns that I have a problem with that makes it a publicity stunt. As far as setting an example for others like you to look up to..? I don't buy that. Yeah, maybe, but there are plenty of other celebs a lot more accomplished, famous, and successful than this dude who are openly gay. If I'm a gay person, I'm not looking up to Sam and Collins and tryna be like them, I'm looking up to people like Ellen, Anderson Cooper, NPH, Ellen Page, Elton John, etc. It's like a young black kid looking up to kwame brown instead of michael jordan. Was kwame the first (black or otherwise) kid to get drafted 1 straight outta high school? yup. do any young black high school kids look up to him? doubtful. is it hard to be a young black kid and do you still get crap from society and the system for being so? undoubtedly. can you get killed in america for being a young black kid while your killer not only walks free, but cashes in on it? yup. does that make kwame brown relevant to anyone outside of rnbacirclejerk? you tell me. yet somehow, this is still the 1 story in sports right now apparently. the media hype machine is at fault for making a bigger deal out of this than it should be (it was news in february; nothing groundbreaking has happened since). IMO sam is at fault because the way I see it, it was a publicity stunt. if you wanna try to change my opinion on that, i'm all ears and open mind. again, I have nothing against him being gay. I have something against it being news on all the major sports news sources. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!