So the main issue I see with the ruling is the potential for businesses to entirely block certain demographics (gay people, in this case) from a particular good or service. Like, if the ruling allows businesses like bakeries to not serve gay people, then that could lead to all bakeries choosing to not serve gay people, effectively keeping gays from being able to use that service. As far as I was aware, this is the main reason we have anti-discrimination laws, in the first place. Realistically, how likely is this to happen? I'd be willing to bet there are significantly more businesses posting those "This business serves everyone" signs than there are businesses blocking gay people. I mean, when only one business announces that they won't serve gay people, it ends up being a huge story on Reddit and Facebook. That would seem to tell me it's an incredibly uncommon occurrence. Which brings me to another point: Banning gay people from your business is just bad, well, business. On a most basic level, alienating an entire demographic based on something as pointless as their sexuality is an idiotic idea, but then people who would otherwise be customers would refuse to go to your business. You lose so much of your customer base that it's not even worth it. I guess there's the possibility that some bigoted assholes would choose specifically to patronize businesses that discriminate against gays (I remember years back, there was that day where a lot of people went to Chick Fil-A to support their owners' expression of donating to anti-gay groups), but I don't necessarily see a problem with this as long as there are competing businesses that do serve gays and people who are against discrimination, and there absolutely would be. Even on the off chance that all businesses selling one particular service decide to ban gay people, wouldn't this just create a market for a business that doesn't discriminate against gays? Then everyone who opposes the other businesses' discrimination can patronize that business and, boom, they make a shitton of money. If a business wants to not serve a particular group, I say let them decide not to. And if someone doesn't want to support that business, then they don't have to. Honestly, if some Christian bakery owners feel uncomfortable making cakes for gay marriages, I wouldn't want them making cakes for gay marriages in the first place, and they shouldn't have to. And I don't have to support them. And the gay couple could go to another bakery who would be glad to make their cake and who deserves their money. People act like the ruling automatically bans all gays from all businesses when that choice lies with the business owners. And making the choice to not serve gay people works almost entirely against them. One thing that does concern me is the possibility of businesses not hiring gays because of their sexuality, but I suspect the reaction to this would be the same as if businesses refused to serve gay customers. An entire group is alienated and refuses to do business with them, and another mass of people would refuse to do business with them solely on the basis that they're bigot assholes. Is there something I'm missing here? Am I missing the overall point of what's wrong with this law? EDIT:I see now that someone has made a topic similar to this one, however that poster didn't really touch on the points to the extent that I did. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!