California is huge compared to the rest of the US in terms of population, and to a lesser extent, size. The population of California is larger than the smallest 21 states combined. There are a few reasons this is a problem: 1. Ineffective state government. One of the advantages of having a number of semi-independent states instead of having the federal government decide everything is that legislation and bureaucracy in general can be run more effectively and be specific to the area. Instead of having to make changes that affect a huge number of people and require massive agencies, changes can be made specific to the area and the people. 2. More voice for the people. In a state like South Dakota, your vote and voice in the state government is one of about 800,000. Now, that's a large number, but it's not impossible to have your voice heard, especially if you can organize a decently sized group. In California, your voice is one out of 38 million. Outside of extremely large interest groups such as multinational corporations and state-wide teacher's unions, it's extremely difficult to have your voice heard in the state government. 3. Freakishly low senator to citizen ratio. California gets two senators to represent all of 38 million people. If California were split into multiple states, it would still be bigger than a lot of the smaller states. Heck, if Los Angeles County were its own state, it would be the 11th largest state. Basically, I think that splitting California into multiple states would alleviate these issues and allow citizens to be better represented in the state government and even in the federal government. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!