(This is USA-specific, but feel free to include your perspective if you are not a USA-ian) For context: Among my family, friends, and loved ones are victims of murder, robbery, rape, and arson. I myself have been assaulted and robbed in the street on an occasion where I realistically thought my life was in danger. If someone killed or hurt someone in the circle of people I consider "family," I would probably want to do all sorts of horrible things to them in retribution. However, I do not believe civilization should operate that way. I think that if I did take out that kind of retribution on such a person, I would also be violating the rules of civilized society in an inexcusable way. I think the penalty of death, for any crime whatsoever, is heinously unjust and has no place in a civilized society. The first reason is that I do not believe that the US justice system is anywhere near flawless. There are [legal mechanisms in place] that make it nearly impossible to oust an obviously corrupt prosecutor, for example. Also, consider this from Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia: This Court has never held that the Constitution forbids the execution of a convicted defendant who has had a full and fair trial but is later able to convince a habeas court that he is "actually" innocent. The main reason I am no longer in favor of the death penalty is because as an actual punishment, it seems extraordinarily slight. Have you ever had surgery? If you have, it probably went something like this: a nurse came in and started an IV. Then they placed a mask over your face and told you to take deep breaths and count. Or, maybe they put the mask on first and stuck in the IV after you were out. Then you experienced exactly nothing. Then you woke up. Was the period when you were unconscious particularly unpleasant? I'll bet it wasn't. If you have never had surgery, consider the period before you were born. Billions of years went by before you were born. Did you find those years to be particularly punitive? Why would you expect a permanent state of non-experience after your death to be worse? How likely would you be, if offered, to trade that experience for 50 or 60 years confined to a concrete and steel shit-hole filled with idiots and assholes, all of them dangerous, and many of them looking to exploit you in some way? What if this included the guards and staff as well as your fellow inmates? Would you like to spend 10 years in such a situation? How about 20? How about 70? A guilty person, once convicted, knows they have nothing to look forward to except life in prison. A wrongly-convicted innocent person may still hold out hope that they can be released. The death penalty only offers relief to the guilty, and terror to the innocent. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!