I don't deny, that curtailing unnecessary and excessive police force is a right of the citizens. But I feel that opinion is vastly different from the bankrupt and often counterproductive FCK COPS movement. I many justifications. Here's a short list: I was raised to cooperate with police. I have never, and don't plan on experimenting with drugs. I'm blackAfrican American Alternatively, I am, from a relative standpoint, socioeconomically advantaged. Despite this, I have had run ins with the police. Three involved African American officers, and while I don't count those (esp two since they involved rental cops) the last was a more tense pullover, in which i was told to turn my lights on, but left with a warning because I guess he was in a good mood or something. Also, maybe my appearance and demeanor [having been told to cooperate, shy away, etc, hands on the wheel type crap.] In two that I remember, the officers were white. In one of the traffic stops, I was speeding, and the officer whipped his car around the four lane highway before pulling me over. All my white friends were in the back being goofballs, shouting "cops are pigs and fck cops." I hushed them, while having the ins and outs about driving with the officer. After being released, I was told I grossly bended to authority, though everything I know and understand previously would have me feeling otherwise. Longer Explanations of some things Like I said, My parents, from a young age, taught me to cooperate with officers whenever in an unfavorable situation. To this day it has worked without incident. I also can't help but feel that Trayvon's aggression in part, played a role in what happened. I watch countless youtube videos in which (mostly) white boys film the cops and skateboard throughout building entrances, and I empathize with their courage, but consider it otherworldly and irrational. Also, It should be said that my parents are well off, having successful careers and what not. We deviate strongly from the "typical black family" (as our entire neighborhood seems to (considering the minority families). I have no siblings, we vacation a lot, etc (lol personally, I consider myself a penniless leech and understand my position fully,). We are by no means the one percent, but If you need me to explain anything else, just ask:) Please, CMV Reddit!