This view has the potential to sound horribly mean-spirited, and that is not what I'm looking for. Let me explain. Excessive debt is horrible. It cripples you financially, and limits the options for growth and success. This is a very simple, common concept that anyone should understand. "Do not spend what you don't have." So why should the plight of young adults saddled with excessive student loans be a topic of compassion and concern? Excessive student loans are the result of extremely poor decision making. In my experienceview, aspiring college students have the following avenues open to them: Scholarships Is your work ethic, intellect, and ability worth enough for colleges to invest in providing a full or partial scholarship? If you are exceptional and can display concrete, measurable excellence...then colleges will pay for your education. Community College Are you merely average? If you aren't exceptional enough to have your education paid for, then this is a tough but necessary life lesson for you. Suck it up, you aren't special. Do what a lot of us did. Go to Community College for two years, get your AA, then transfer. If you do well enough in CC, you may even get scholarshipsfunding for your undergrad. You will save money and end up with the same paper degree. Military There are plenty of non-combat positions that act as a form of "Trade School." IT, engineering, medical, mechanical...you name it, the military has it. Not only will you get paid for on the job training, but you'll also get money for college when you leave the service. Your views on the military itself aren't relevant; you can take a non-combat job if you don't want to personally hurt someone. If you have some sort of political agenda against the military...well, recognize that many military members dislike "US GOV" more than you, yet they recognize that the military is a necessary cog in the US system. The military agenda sucks, but there's no reason why you can't personally benefit from it. Parental Support Rich parents who will pay for school? You aren't part of my argument. Also, everyone hates you. ... Some background: Raised by a single working class mother, no money for college, joined the military, went to community college, worked through school to finish education, acquired certifications part-time while furthering career. I currently make great money working for a Fortune 500, have a lovely family, and absolutely no debt. Nothing was given to me. ... A common complaint seen here on Reddit revolves around students frustrated with excessive student loans. No one forced these students to go to expensive private schools funded with loans. There are other options, and I do not sympathize. I would like to understand the frustration, and expand my perspective. Please change my view.