Unlike books, more visual-oriented storytelling allows the reader to reference something outside of hir imagination and experiences. Reading books is basically self-referencing your self. To read a book means to look into your own ideas and memories of what each word means to you. Thus, reading can lead into self-delusion because it highly depends on the reader. (I remember reading a book where I thought I understood the material but, in actuality, my mind invented a whole new story as I read the entire book because I held on to false assumptions of simple details.) In addition, words are supposed to represent empirical objects and experiences. But what if a word that you encounter in a book is not at all familiar to you? This must happen very frequently, to young people with limited experiences or to people who are not very adept in the language or to people from different cultures who can't connect with the ideas and descriptions within the book. For example, how do you describe snow to someone to someone who has never experienced snow? How do you describe a ship to someone who has no prior notion remotely similar to a ship? (maybe to a native person who has never experienced technology?) This is like trying to describe the color blue to someone who is born blind. The reader can only try hir best to imagine whatever the objects that are being described, and more often than not, the imagination is far from the truth. Reading distorts the truth behind experiences that have real reference to reality. Not having read the book is better for the reader because the reader had not yet constructed a false idea of the experience. The reader is forced to imagine experiences thereby forcing a distortion between the real experience and the reader's ideas of the experience. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!