A lot of my general thinking on this topic started with [this video . The creator makes a great point about the flaw in the voting system, but at one point he makes the point that neutral voters who change their mind from election to election determine who wins. To begin, I do think that the voting system is flawed, but in many ways what it has led to is two very centrist parties who only really differ in ideology. While this does not make for great conversation on capitol hill, it certainly does effect what really happens when bills are written. The best example that I can think of this happening would be with the bailoutsstimulus packages. Both republicans and democrats wanted to help their constituents, so they were both forced to compromise. Republicans may have not loved the idea of a stimulus, but they were willing to do it, because it helped them to get the bailout for banksauto companies. While it is debatable how successful these things have been, it shows how having two relatively centrist parties willing to compromise has been good for America. EDIT: So a lot of people are bringing up the flaws in FPTP, and I do actually agree with that thought. But I still feel like it could be better than the alternatives of allowing more extreme ideologies, even like Green and Libertarians a powerful voice. I think that it could divide the country even more. Not only that, but suddenly the ideology of Republicans and Democrats would become the moderates. That is where my concern still lies, and why I still that that FPTP may still have to be the best possible systme for the United States to use. EDIT 2: Thanks you guys for the great responses! Many of your thoughtful responses essentially led to be changing my mind. I'm still skeptical of both, but I do think that the current system may be more flawed than what the system could become. Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!