One of the most common interpertations of Romeo and Juliet is that it's a satire of how young people act. I do not believe Romeo and Juliet is a primarily a satire of rash decisions made by youth, as many people think. While, some of it is a condemnation of how sometimes "young men's love then lies, Not truly in their hearts, but in their eyes" that isn't the main theme of the story. Rather, the main theme of the story is about the importance of forgiveness. My argument relies heavily on another Shakespeare play, the Tempest. In the Tempest, two major characters are Ferdinand, and Miranda. They're essentially the Romeo and Juliet of their play. Although the rivalry between their families is one-sided, Miranda's father, Propsero, hate's Ferdinand's father because Ferdinand's father had wronged Prospero in the past. In the Tempest, two teens also meet and fall in love very quickly. Ferdinand and Miranda meet each other, fall in love, and decide to get married all in the span of an afternoon, however, they have a happy ending, while Romeo and Juliet die. It has been a full year since I was in an English class, but I remember in my class, my professor said that most of Shakespeare's plays follow what's called "the rule of time." The rule of time states that all the events in the play should happen in a relatively short timespan. From what I can remember, most of Shakespeare's plays follow this, with Merchant of Venice being one of the few exceptions. For this reason, I don't believe the amount of time that passed in the play is evidence that RJ is satire. If we're going to look at the relationships of the characters through the eyes of a cynic the relationship between Ferdinand and Miranda is even more rash and impulsive than the relationship between Romeo and Juliet. Early on in the play, it's revealed that Ferdinand and Prospero are the only human men Miranda has ever seen in her life, "This, Is the third man that e'er I saw, the first That e'er I sigh'd for." Also, immediately after they meet, before they've even kissed, Ferdinand agrees to become a slave to win Prospero's favour. If Shakespeare did want to mock irrational decisions made by teens, then the Tempest would have been a better opportunity than Romeo and Juliet. So, why did Romeo and Juliet's relationship fail and why did Ferdinand and Miranda's relationship prosper? Romeo and Juleit's families were unable to forgive each other until after the two teens died. The families of Ferdinand and Miranda were able to reconcile before anyone died. Prospero is actually put in the position to kill Ferdinand's father after taking him prisoner. Rather than murdering Ferdinand's father, Prospero chooses to forgive him even though he still hates what Ferdinand's father did to him. "Though with their high wrongs I am struck to th' quick, Yet with my nobler reason 'gainst my fury Do I take part. The rarer action is In virtue than in vengeance. They being penitent, The sole drift of my purpose doth extend Not a frown further. Go release them, Ariel. My charms I'll break, their senses I'll restore, And they shall be themselves." Because the cycle of vengence is broke in the Tempest, Miranda and Ferdinand get a happy ending. The Capulets and the Montagues are not able to reconcile until the deaths of Romeo and Juliet have occurred. During the masquerade Tybalt realizes that Romeo has attended the party, even though members of house Montague are banned from attending. Tybalt wishes to kill Romeo for this, but Lord Capulet stops him as Romeo isn't a bad guy, "And, to say truth, Verona brags of him To be a virtuous and well-govern'd youth:." Tybalt however, instead of forgiving Romeo for attending a party without an invitation, decides to let his hatred for Romeo fester, treating Romeo's actions as a personal insult. "I will withdraw: but this intrusion shall Now seeming sweet convert to bitter gall.." Tybalt and Romeo would later have an altercation after Romeo and Juliet get married. Tyblat is unaware of this marriage and still hates Romeo, while Romeo refuses to fight " Till thou shalt know the reason of my love: And so, good Capulet,which name I tender As dearly as my own,be satisfied.." This inability to forgive each other is what leads to the deaths of numerous characteres. The ending to Romeo and Juliet is very bitter-sweet, the two teens are dead, but it was their death that had caused the vendetta to stop. The deaths of Romeo and Juliet causes the Capulets and Montagues finally reconcile, after seeing what their hatred did to their families, and the family of the Prince. "Where be these enemies? Capulet! Montague! See, what a scourge is laid upon your hate, That heaven finds means to kill your joys with love. And I for winking at your discords too Have lost a brace of kinsmen: all are punish'd." The deaths that occurred in the play were a result of the inability to forgive, and the ending of the play is the characters realizing that. Edit: It has beeb just about three hours since I posted this, and nobody has responded. I'm going to bed, I'll look at any responses tomorrow after my first class Hello, users of CMV! This is a footnote from your moderators. We'd just like to remind you of a couple of things. Firstly, please remember to [read through our rules] . If you see a comment that has broken one, it is more effective to report it than downvote it. Speaking of which, [downvotes don't change views] ! If you are thinking about submitting a CMV yourself, please have a look through our [popular topics wiki] first. Any questions or concerns? Feel free to [message us] . Happy CMVing!