I have always been a liberal (libertarian to be exact). This view of mine has pretty much been cemented into my persona. I am also attending university in a college town where everyone is very far left, and where I have never heard a compelling argument for conservatism. I don't understand why Republicans seriously think that cutting taxes (ie cutting government income) then increasing spending on the military is a good strategy. Why is it that they want to suppress other people's views and religions so much to impose their own? Why do they think that supply side economics works? When Reagan took office, all that happened was government spending increased for the first time in many decades while income was being cut. Why do they think that education and healthcare should come second to the military? Isn't that what dictatorships like North Korea do? Why do they do things such as not teaching evolution in schools just because it contradicts their beliefs (I live in Kansas where I was never taught evolution in the classroom), saying that gay people can't get married because it's not a traditional view (a non-segregated world was once a non-traditional view), and refusing to believe that marijuana can be used medicinally (if a doctor who spent 4 years in undergraduate work, 4 years in medical school, and 4 years of residency and specialist training that has to pass board certification every year says marijuana may be beneficial for me, why is it a politician thinks he know more about health than the health care professional?). What's up with the raging hard on for guns? I have no opposition for them, as I own a rifle, but I don't understand why some people go insane when you mention the words gun and control in the same sentence. Why is it that when they argue that making guns illegal would not work as criminals do not follow laws, but make the exact opposite argument when it comes to drugs? Obviously since half of America holds these beliefs, they must have some merit to them, but I just don't understand it. I know that asking this question to Reddit may be a little redundant because of all the people who are ostensibly liberal, but I truly want to know why these ideas make sense in some people's minds. I believe that there is someone out there that can objectively and compellingly explain why these views exist. EDIT: The reason I put the libertarian and liberal thing is because I share beliefs from both political platforms. I understand that they are different, but I was wanting to understand the Republican side of the argument in this thread.