Full disclosure: I have been suffering from depression for the last 14 years. During that time I have seen 16 psychologists and counsellors trying a number of approaches such as CBT, narrative therapy and sports psychology. Disregarding my own experiences with psychologists, which have not been effectual, I believe psychology does not work for the following reasons: 1. It is near impossible to unravel the inner workings of another individuals mind. Everyone is brought up differently and experiences different things in life which shape who they are. A psychical wound or illness can be treated with science as our bodies are subject to understandable psychical, chemical and biological laws. Psychology cannot attempt to take a scientific approach to problem solving as the variables are too vast and the symptoms cannot be properly examined. I dont think a psychologist examining issues by having the patient talk about them is a good enough way for to do this properly. 2. I think most of the techniques psychologist suggest to deal with issues are innate to all people. If you boil it right down, CBT, for example, basically suggests that when you recognise when you are feeling a certain way you should do or think about something different to avoid any negative outcomes. Psychologists suggest many tactics for doing this, but to me it just seems a very obvious technique and one that most people probably have tried without realising. 3. I believe proof that psychology does work is not entirely accurate. I believe that most people who have gotten over or gained control of a situation would have done so on their own, anyway. I often here about people who have very severe mental issues and so have been visiting psychologists for many, many years. It seems to me that this is proof psychology does not work. Visiting the psychologist may have triggered somewhat of a placebo effect, but I think many of the techniques suggested by the psychologist would have had very little impact in reality. I would truly like someone to CMV. As I said, I do have depression and I do want to get over it. It's just my experience with psychologists thus far have led me to believe this way. I do hope reasjusting my view of them will help me better help myself. Thanks! Please note I am not including psychiatry which I believe has more scientific merits, being involved with actual chemistry and neurology.